Larawyn set her plate aside, satisfied and pleasantly warm from her dinner of steak, potatoes, and bread. The whiskey was the finest she’d ever tasted, and the meal brought back nostalgic memories of countless nights spent in roadside taverns. In the past, she never could have afforded a meal like this, nor would most of the low-cost establishments she’d stayed in have been able to offer food of this quality. Nevertheless, the style was familiar. It almost made her forget the chaos of the past six weeks and the impossible danger of the mission to come.

A trip to the Underworld. Battling through the minions of Hades with her friends to free the gods of the old pantheon. Though she prided herself as a fearless fighter, she was also realistic. There was a good chance that some of them wouldn't make it out alive.

Larawyn began the process of getting ready for the night, as the rest of the party did the same. First, she unstrapped her belt, laying it and Acrola on the small table beside her bed. She removed her cloak and boots, then began removing the leather pieces of her armor.

(“Did I handle that alright?”) she asked Acrola. It wasn't the first time in her life she’d been called out for lying, but she found herself surprised that it affected her so much. Thankfully, the conversation had ended well, with the party finally on the same page with no secrets between them. Still, she was operating outside of her comfort zone with all the admissions of genuine emotions and vulnerability.

(“I think you did just fine.”) Acrola responded, (“I know how uncomfortable that made you. But every leader goes through growing pains as they learn.”)

(“Leader?”) Larawyn asked, her mental voice laden with sarcastic amusement, (“I’d hardly say I’m that. Maybe in another life, but we don't have a leader here. We’re all working together.”)

(“Maybe you're not right now, but someday you can be,”) Acrola insisted.

Larawyn was uncomfortable. She’d never seriously pictured herself as anything other than a drifter, taking jobs for gold and then spending it all on drinks and weapons. But this whole adventure had changed something in her, and she wasn't sure what she’d do with her future when she returned to her world. It had changed everyone, with all of her friends growing into their strengths, each of them learning to step up and take the lead.

(“Yeah, maybe,”) she replied. Still in her overshirt, mithral armor, and rugged pants, she sat on the bed and stared at her hands, her mind working through strategies and scenarios for tomorrow.

---

To everyone else, the meal Alex had been served looked relatively simple: a bowl of stew with a hunk of cornbread on the side. But the moment she tasted it, Alex was nearly knocked over by a barrage of memories she had started to forget she had. She remembered her mother, smiling down at her as she handed her the steaming bowl of beef stew, fresh from cooking in the nearby fireplace. The smell wafted through the air long before her mother called them to the table, making mouths water and stomachs grumble. The clear tone of her father’s laughter as she demolished the meal rang in her mind, paired with visions of him imitating a bear tearing away at its prey. Her final sight nearly broke her as she gazed on her now-four-year old brother gnawing his way through a piece of cornbread, opting out of using his silverware and trying to imitate his older sister’s animalistic eating style. It was as though the radiating feeling of happiness and comfortability of her family life was infused with every bite of the meal. Then, before she knew it she had polished off the last bit of stew, gaining some side glances from the others for her ravenous consumption. This time however, she wasn’t just hungry, she was trying to catch a memory that she worried would slip away again. With the stew gone however the memory did stay with her, of her family happy and together. 

Anaxir broke the relative silence that had settled over them with a giggle at Alex’s food-covered mouth, and soon it had inspired roaring laughter in all of them: at Alex, at each other, and most of all, at the enormously ridiculous situation that they were in. After all, it’s not often regular adventurers are asked to just walk into hell and rescue gods. With the memory of her family dinner from long past still on her mind, Alex’s eyes opened to see her new family with a deep smile across her face.

As the laughter faded the exhaustion of the past day set into them, and the seven Heroes of Olympus broke their party to prepare for bed. As they broke the circle, Alex’s mood darkened, realizing that this could very well be their last moment together in safety and comfort. This wasn’t a trip they were all guaranteed to come back from. Silently, memory of her brother still on her mind, she vowed that despite the close calls she’d come to herself, she would sacrifice whatever she had to to make sure they all made it out alive. However, as she stripped off her armor and supplies, she knew that there was one last person she had to talk to before they left the next day, in case either of them didn’t make it. As the others settled down, she quietly padded barefoot across the wooden floor over to Lara’s bed, casting zone of silence as she went so they wouldn’t be overheard in the open room.

“Hey Lara? I feel like we need to talk one last time before tomorrow. You know, just in case something goes wrong and one of us doesn’t make it back” Alex opened with, seating herself next to her on the bed as she did so.

---

Larawyn raised her head as Alex approached, catching the last sequence of hand motions that she vaguely recognized as the silencing spell Alex had cast around Faewyn a few days ago. She frowned slightly at the other woman’s words, but swiftly tried to mask her concern with a smirk and a quirk of a brow.

“Eh, everything will be fine, no one’s going to die,” she insisted with her usual bravado, but the act seemed wooden and artificial even to her own ears. “But what’s up?” she asked, dropping a bit of her mask, letting the sincerity that she was still unused to displaying show through in her voice and expression.

---

“Well, for starters, last night’s been hanging over me. I’m not going to apologize for sharing how I’ve been feeling, but I am sorry for how blunt my words were. I mean I respect the hell out of you, you manage to twist every situation into our favor with just your words and you’re inhumanly good at finding an enemy’s weak spots. But that makes it hurt even more when you tell me to shut up or lob insults at me for no reason!” she finished angrily.

---

Lara’s eyes widened, taken aback. She thought that they’d settled things last night, agreeing to disagree about Larawyn’s methods. The half elf had no idea that Alex still felt hurt. Her expression crumpled into a scowl, cheeks flushing pink in indignation.

“I’m going to say something, and I need you to listen to me,” she said forcefully. After pausing a moment to collect her thoughts, she began, “You saw what Addie and Anaxir did to those statues. You saw Reggie stand up to that image of Ares. Hell, I’m pretty sure that Allie summoned a fucking dragon. And you have your fucking insanely powerful illusions. I mean, I’m handy in a fight, but I'm not consistent like you guys.”

She sighed, her expression smoothing as she continued, “You’re right; I'm good at dealing with people. I'm good at talking. I can talk myself out of just about anything, so when I see someone who's floundering, I have to do something. It's just like combat. You’re never angry at me when I save someone from an enemy in a fight, so why are you mad at me when I save you guys from saying the wrong thing? Just because sometimes your feelings get hurt in the process?”

The rogue kept going, her burning gaze locked onto Alex. “I save everyone’s ass a lot! I kept that farmer occupied when he was asking about where we were from, and I covered up what Allie said about the book to the guy. I kept Addie from blowing our cover on Olympus to that doctor god. I turned Sir Theodosia to our side, preventing a fight with her, and then I saved her from King Eric when he tried to execute her for treason. I distracted the guards when we were in jail in Atlantis. And if you’ll remember, I was the one who got us into the Tribe's village in Neverland.

“I try to let you guys take the lead sometimes. But you can't fault me for keeping an eye on how you're doing! We're a team, and I have to help you when you're in trouble. I'm literally always doing it and no one ever realizes it; what you just said was the first time anyone’s ever acknowledged I’m good for anything on this team. But still you all just hate me for interrupting you or making you feel bad. I don't need any thanks for what I do, but it'd be real fucking nice for you all not to despise me for how I do it.”

Larawyn broke eye contact and let out a shuddering breath, shocked at herself for how honest she’d just been. She felt gutted, ripped open and exposed. Her usual method of diversion, lies, and humor to cover her problems gone unused, she was at a loss for how to continue. She reached up and untied her headband, then let her hair down. With the shining metal band removed and her hair falling in soft waves around her face, her features looked softer, more human.

“So… that’s how I’m feeling,” she said hesitantly, her voice soft, “I know the things I do look fucked up, but that’s how I operate, and so far it's kept us all alive. And… I’m sorry if -- no. I'm sorry that I hurt you.”

---

Alex’s hands felt a bit clammy as Lara’s words hit her, the force of the feelings behind them physically driving her away a bit on the bed. She hadn’t realized that Lara had kept so much bottled up inside for so long. 

“Lara, honestly, I didn’t realize how you’ve been feeling. I mean, usually I’d have better luck trying to read Milo’s mind. It’s true, you’re fantastic at talking to people and getting the mission done. But it’s more than that, I look at you and I see someone that succeeds at everything they attempt. You can get people to do whatever you need them to, you can calm any situation, even though you may not think so I see dominating everyone you face in combat. I mean you may be just as mortal as the rest of us but even when you get brought down you go down dealing heavy damage to your enemies. 

But for me, ever since I’ve head off on my own I’ve struggled to find where I fit in and how to use my powers. All the time I feel like a liability, whether it’s getting downed by Tink, mind-controlled by the aboliths, or nearly every time I try to speak. In combat I feel useless since I don’t do a whole lot of damage compared to you guys and my spells don’t seem to help a lot. My illusions are cool, yeah, but it seems like they barely bother anyone anymore. Then socially when I’m not trying to fuck anyone, everything I say pisses someone off or comes off as stupid. I just constantly feel useless and whenever I try to be useful it does hurt to get passed off as saying or doing something dumb.”

Alex stopped, taking a deep breath to try and cover up the sore, vulnerable feeling she felt inside. Hoping she wasn’t going too far, she placed a hand on Lara’s shoulder and finished with “Anyway, I’m so sorry, I never wanted to make you feel like you were useless, I know how that feels. But getting called out by you when I’m trying to talk feels less like you trying to help and more like having my weakness pointed out. I mean, even with all the power in the world, inside I still feel like nothing. But knowing that this whole time you’ve just wanted to protect and help us, it does help. I know that what you’ve said comes from a good place. Truth is, I don’t wanna stay mad at you anyway. With what we’re heading into, I’d much rather get back to the days in Oz where together, nothing could stop us.” The glimmer of that memory fluttered in her mind, of the two of them smiling at each other as they leapt from the shadows, swords in hand.

---

The feeling of Alex’s hand on her shoulder startled her, even though she had seen her reach out. Her gaze flicked from the hand to Alex’s face as the other woman talked, grateful for the small gesture of comfort. In her mind, instances where she’d sneered or offered cutting comments in response to her teammates’ words played in a painful montage, each time someone had misspoke followed by one of Larawyn’s scathing replies.

To be honest, she hadn't thought much of her comments to her teammates. If anything, they were meant to call attention to mistakes and weaknesses so they wouldn't be repeated. That was how she herself had been taught, and that method had shored up any weaknesses Larawyn had, had made her as close to perfect as she could be. It hadn't occurred to her that her friends would view it as actually hurtful. She knew that pressing the issue with Alex wouldn't get her anywhere though, so she nodded in understanding. 

“I’m glad you're not mad anymore,” the half elf said with a small, tired smile. It was strange to admit to herself, but she would have been upset had Alex not wanted to continue their friendship. The smile became more genuine as she also recalled their misadventures in Oz; trekking through forests and plains and cities, battling foes and uncovering mysteries. The farmland and forests of Oz had put her more at ease; it was much more like home than pirate-filled seas or the strange lands of Atlantis and Olympus, and though the stakes were still as high as ever, she remembered the land fondly. 

“You’re right, with where we’re about to go, I think getting along and working as a team is the most important thing we can do,” Larawyn agreed. “Besides,” she continued, a glint of mischief in her eyes, “with the massive party we’re throwing after we spring the gods from whatever horrible pit they’ve been thrown in and kick out the false pantheon, it'd suck if we still had bad feelings between us to dampen the fun.”

---

“Yeah, I’d say we’ve earned a pleasant time partying after the shit we’ve been through over the past month. Anyway, thanks for talking with me, really helps settle my nerves about tomorrow being able to go in completely at peace but I think it’s probably time to head to bed. After all, gotta be at full strength if I’m gonna be casting everything I know.” Giving Lara a quick smile, Alex rose from the bed, wincing in pain as the bruises she’d accumulated over the past few weeks stretched. Just before tip-toeing back to drop into a deep sleep she reached out a hand towards Lara to seal their renewed goodwill.

---

Seeing Alex extend her arm, Larawyn clasped the human’s forearm in her hand in a gesture of comradery, a warm, playful smile on her face. “Yeah, it is getting pretty late,” she said, glancing around the room at the party as everyone settled in for the night.

---

Once Lara responded in turn, Alex held fast and pulled her in for a hug, wrapping her left arm around the half-elf despite her protests. Leaning in, she whispered “You know I consider us family now. Listen closely. I swear I’m going to do everything in my power to make sure that every single one of us makes it through this. Everything. I’ve already lost one family, I don’t plan on losing another. So don’t go and try to get yourself killed, huh?” With that, she released Lara from her firm grip. She let Lara’s hand slide from her arm and looked back into the rogue’s eyes leaving her with “See you in hell.” As she turned to walk back to her bed, Alex took a deep breath to regain her composure and clear the butterflies that now swarmed in her gut. Despite the life she felt growing inside her even now, she wasn’t about to let that stop her from trading lives for her family. 

---

Larawyn tensed in surprise as Alex embraced her, the half-elf’s green eyes opening almost comically wide. Her expression sobered as she listened to Alex, struck silent by the human’s admission. Her thoughts flicked to the battle for Atlantis, where memories from her past stirred up the darkness inside of her, had made her reckless with her own life and with the lives of others. This time would be different, she promised herself. This time, she was fighting for her friends, for this strange new family that they’d made. “See you…” she replied weakly after Alex walked away. She sat there for a moment, then silently slipped under the covers, falling asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.
