SPLOOSH! Anaxir was pushed onto the floor of the main hall by the warden. The floor was littered with puddles, from rain dripping through the ceiling.

	“He’s all yours,” the warden said. He turned and strode away, showing no emotion or compassion for the man he pushed over. As he departed from the room, Anaxir cursed under his breath.

	“Asshole,” he said. He looked over his shoulder, watching the warden, dressed in their hooded robes. Anaxir couldn’t stand that guy’s attitude. He stood up, and looked around the room. The main hall was decorated with very little; monks cared next to nothing for material possessions, unless they were scrolls of knowledge or ancient artifacts to be studied. There were several torches attached to the various pillars that held up the ceiling. The floor was made of polished marble, with a small reflecting pool in the back. Sitting in front of the pool was Zion, Anaxir’s older brother, the only family he had. Zion was meditating.

	“So, you finally got them to let me go, huh?” Anaxir asked. There was no response.

Anaxir thought about everything that had happened. He had been in a cell for about a year. He never believed he had done anything particularly wrong, but everyone else, Zion included, had disagreed. There had been this king, in a nearby province, who was experimenting with magical items and weapons. The king was evil, and he used the power of what he had created to conquer surrounding cities. He was testing his weapons on civilians, and the monks, while traveling, found a number of cases of severely burned and suffering peasants.

Anaxir remembered the first one he met. It had been so long ago.

He and Zion were climbing mountains to meditate at the summit. They were halfway up when a halfling stumbled out of the woods surrounding the path. The halfling had burns on their skin, and was begging Anaxir and Zion to help them. Zion gave the halfling some water, and Anaxir bandaged up the wounds using some spare cloth. The halfling felt much better, and thanked them. Zion was ready to be on his way, but Anaxir insisted on asking.

	“What happened to you?” he asked. The halfling gave him a pained look.

	“The king, he’s been creating magical things. Evil things. And he burned my village! Everything from the bakery to the tavern to the general store! And my poor family, my spouse, my children, all of them burned to death! He’s an evil man, and now I will never see anyone I ever loved again! Could you picture that, never seeing your family again?” The halfling immediately broke down into tears. Anaxir put his arms around them to comfort them.

	“There, there, it’s going to be okay. It will all be okay, I promise.”

	“Anaxir, what are you doing?” Zion asked. “We need to reach the summit of the mountain by sundown.” Zion had a look of slight irritation.

	“Hey, Zion, this halfling came to us for our help. I think we need to see what they have to say. This might be related to all the cases of burn injuries we’ve been hearing about.”

Zion walked back to where Anaxir was and kneeled to look at the halfling. He examined them up and down, wondering where they might have come from. He pulled out a piece of parchment and some ink from the small pack he had, and wrote a word on it. He handed it to the halfling.

	“Here. This is the name of the closest town. It should be safe there. We don’t have much gold to give you, but you should be able to find a place to stay.”

	“Zion, shouldn’t we escort them there?” Anaxir asked. “It’s clear that this king is a danger to everyone in his vicinity. He needs to be arrested or stopped, somehow.”

	“Unfortunately, it is not our place to do that,” Zion said. “The decrees of the elders forbade us from interfering with local politics. I’m sure that there are plenty of heroes who can stop him. As for now, the important thing is that this halfling is safe.”

Anaxir was conflicted. He didn’t know what to do. He had to get to the summit to complete his training, but this seemed like an urgent matter. Before he could say anything else, Zion pointed the halfling in the direction of the town he wrote on the parchment. The halfling thanked him, and bowed, and started down the path.

	“What did you do that for?” Anaxir asked. “They might get hurt.”

	“This mountain is peaceful. There is nothing that could hurt them,” Zion said.

	“I’m not talking about the mountain, I’m talking about the evil king.”

	“Anaxir, just listen to me. We have to get to the top of the mountain right now, and as much as I would like to stop this king, we have to finish this first.”

	Anaxir sighed. “I’m sorry, Zion. It’s just that, if I see a situation pointed south, I can’t ignore it.”

	“I understand. That’s very noble of you, but let us at least finish what we came here for, and then I will discuss the matter with the elders.”

	“Oh, alright,” Anaxir said. He wasn’t entirely comfortable with waiting around, but he trusted that his brother knew what he was doing.

	“Wait!” the halfling called out. They had come back. The monk brothers turned around. The halfling walked over to Anaxir, and handed him something. It was a pendant of a small wooden penguin.

	“It’s from my village,” they said. “I found it in the rubble. You can have it as a thank you. I don’t really have much of a need for it.”

“Thank you,” Anaxir said, examining the pendant. He put it around his neck, and gave the halfling a smile. The halfling turned around and went on their way.

“Where are you going to put that?” Zion asked.

“In our bedroom, next to the other wooden figures of us that Mom and Dad made.”

“You remember when they made them?”

“Of course. It’s one of the few memories I have of them. We used to have carvings of the entire family. You, me, and Mom and Dad of course. Then, after they died and the monastery took us in, their statues were destroyed. Or at least, we never found them.”

The brothers continued up the mountain, and sat to meditate. Anaxir went into a deep train of thought concerning their parents. He remembered how there was a raid, and their parents told them to flee, giving them their wooden figures. The town they lived in was destroyed, and the boys were found by monks. Why had they asked him and Zion to flee? Did they know something that their children didn’t? Or did they just send them away, hoping that they could have a better chance elsewhere? Anaxir thought the circumstances might have been desperate; Zion was just shy of seven, and Anaxir was three. It was lucky that the monks found them when they did.

The two of them entered monastic life, learning about the world, and what was good in it and what was evil. Both brothers learned to defend themselves, and would frequently spar one another. Here they were, fourteen years later, having trained for years to enhance their scholarly and combative capabilities. Zion favored weapons, while Anaxir wasn’t shy about getting his hands dirty. But both had comparable strength and skill.

A few days later, a messenger knocked on the door of the monastery. Anaxir answered. He saw a panicked half-orc, who really looked a lot tougher than he was acting.

	“Hi, what can I do for you?” Anaxir asked.

	“There’s been an attack on our town!” the half-orc said. “I tried to stop them, but I was the only one there, and one half-orc against a brigade of twenty-five soldiers? Doesn’t work! Especially if they belong to that evil king!”

	“Wait, slow down. Which evil king?” Anaxir asked.

	“The same one that’s been strong-arming everyone else, taking land and resources, and then burning our towns and cities! I was the town guard, and the only one strong enough to escape, and I came out here to get help!”

Anaxir’s mind immediately thought of the halfling that he and Zion encountered. For all he knew, this was the same king that had burned their patient. Anaxir leaned in closer and asked in a low voice.

	“Okay, I can help you, but you can’t tell anyone. My brother and the elders say we’re forbidden from involving ourselves in local politics. But this is an emergency, and they did say we must always be ready to help those in need, so I think I’m fine.”

	“The town is this way,” the half-orc said. He pointed east.

In a matter of hours, Anaxir and the half-orc reached the town. Most of it was already in ashes, although a few buildings were still standing. If that wasn’t the most noticeable detail, there were bodies everywhere. Humans, half-elves, dwarves, even a couple of gnomes and goblins. They were all dead. Anaxir stood in shock as the smoke continued to rise from the smoldering ashes. He began to walk through the ruins, the half-orc following him, and he stepped carefully around the corpses. The only sounds that could be heard were the crackling of the flames and the faint calls of mockingbirds. Anaxir saw something in the distance, a building that was still relatively intact. He walked over, and noticed that the building’s sign had fallen from the door. He picked it up, and shook it. Some of the ash fell off, revealing a simple iron plaque with letters carved on. They read, “Maclaren’s.” Anaxir brushed off the remaining debris, and continued to examine it, picturing how many people, travelers and regulars alike, must have come by to enjoy the revels of drinking and good company. Anaxir had drunk before, although in a ceremonial setting, and probably not as much as the people who might have frequented this tavern. He put the sign down gently and looked at the half-orc.

	“Everything is gone,” he said. “Absolutely everything.” The half-orc walked over and looked at the sign on the ground. He sighed as he picked it up.

	“Maclaren’s,” he began, “was the best damn tavern we ever had. It wasn’t just for travelers, or drunks, or even soldiers. It was for everyone, and it didn’t matter who or what you were, as long as you were nice to people. I mean, the exception to that is a drow, of course, because all drows are evil.” 

Anaxir gave him a strange look. He’d read about some of the wicked things that drow did, but he’d never met one. Zion always told him not to judge anyone based on their race but on their character, although he’d never actually met one yet. Anaxir was skeptical of how well his brother could stick to this principle in practice, but he remembered that both of them agreed that if they ever met a drow, they’d try to reserve judgement until they could evaluate their actions and motivations. Anaxir decided to think on it later and let the half-orc keep talking.

“I remember all the families would come for dinner, and their kids would ask me to tell them stories about the bad guys I beat up. That was always the best part, they’d look at me in awe as if I’d inspired them to go for the stars! I mean, I probably did!” The half-orc let out a hearty but bittersweet laugh. He continued to examine the sign of Maclaren’s, and then, to Anaxir’s surprise, he brought it in closer to his armored chest and hugged it tightly, and then sat down in complete emotional defeat. Anaxir could hear him weeping quietly. He wanted to comfort the half-orc, but he thought it was best to let his companion have this moment. Just then, he saw something else. Anaxir looked on; there was an arm that looked like it was reaching out for help.

He ran over, ignoring the weeping half-orc. The arm wasn’t moving. He grabbed the hand and pulled the figure from the debris. It was the halfling from before. They were dead, still wearing the bandages from the mountain. The eyes were open, but they weren’t the dead color of most corpses. They were still green, as they were on the mountain. Anaxir reached out with two fingers and closed the halfling’s eyelids. He picked up the body and walked over to the half-orc. He held the halfling out for the orc to see.

	“I just met this one a few days ago,” Anaxir said. “He was afraid of this very thing from happening, and now he’s dead.”

	“Everyone’s dead here, monk,” the half-orc said, wiping tears away. “That’s the king’s way of doing things. When he makes an example, he makes an example.”

	“We need to bury these people,” Anaxir said solemnly.

	“But most of them are ashes. Not many full-body corpses we can separate from the ones who were already burned to a crisp.”

	“Fine. We should at least bury this halfling.”

	“Did you know them?”

	“Briefly.”

Anaxir carried the halfling out of the town’s borders and found an open spot of grass. He picked up an old shovel that had survived the blaze, and dug a small hole. He pulled off the traveler’s cloak he was wearing and threw it over the halfling. He paused, and few moments later the half-orc nudged his shoulder.

	“Hey, I know you give moments of silence,” he said, “but we gotta go. I don’t want the king’s soldiers coming back, not just yet.”

“Okay, fine. I’m just… saying goodbye.” Anaxir filled the hole, and patted the earth.

After that, neither one of them spoke until they returned to the monastery. The half-orc said he was going to find a different town and try to protect that. He thanked the monk for being there for him, and left. But Anaxir’s mind was wracked with guilt. He knew the monastery should have helped the halfling when they had the chance. He didn’t know who this king was, but he wanted someone to put an end to his schemes. Anaxir wanted to do it himself, but he couldn’t. Not only was he not strong enough, it violated every other principle that the monastery had taught him. He would need help. The half-orc was good-natured but too distraught, but perhaps he could ask Zion. His brother had said he would talk to the elders, and get their approval to save villagers and townspeople from this king’s wrath.

Anaxir went into the main hall to see Zion and the counselors standing and discussing the situation.

	“Elders, I beseech you,” Zion said. “As the wisest among us, you have to know this king is killing people arbitrarily. They haven’t committed any crime, unless existing is now an issue.”

“Zion, that is preposterous,” one of the elders said. “We will not engage in local politics, no matter how bad or bloody they may be.”

“I understand but-” he paused as soon as he saw Anaxir.

“Anaxir, I am discussing the matter you raised with me with the elders. Join me.”

“Zion, I’m sorry, I can’t. I’ll be in our room, meditating.”

“Oh alright,” Zion said. He went back to debating, and Anaxir slinked off to the Khan brothers’ quarters. He saw the too figurines of him and Zion on the windowsill, next to the penguin the halfling had given him. He picked up the penguin and put it in a small sack. He then threw the sack over his shoulder, and leapt out the window. He landed on the ground immediately, as their room was only on the first story. He ran across their compound and onto the road, and he headed east once more.

Anaxir had to ask people pointed him in the general direction of the king’s palace. When they asked which king, he simply said it was the “fire king who blows everything up.” Then they knew who he was talking about. He continued down the road for several hours, taking a wrong turn here and there, which frustrated him as he would have to turn around and retrace his steps. Sometimes he ran into bandits and thieves, most of which tried to take his sack away. Luckily for him, they did not know the consequences of trying to rob a monk of their few possessions. After leaving several crooks unconscious and propped up against trees, Anaxir trudged on until he found the gate to the palace. He rattled the gate a bit, until a guard came along.

	“You are trespassing. Who are you?”

	“I am Anaxir, a peasant who wishes to see the king.”

	“You don’t look like an ordinary peasant.”

	“Trust me, this is urgent. I simply want to beg for my life. I don’t care if he says yes.”

	“Then why bother doing it?”

	“I want to see his reaction. He might be amused and let me live.”

The guard gave a nasty smirk and opened the gate. He jabbed the spear he was carrying at Anaxir’s back, telling him to move. Anaxir complied, walking into the palace as more and more guards joined their entourage. They escorted him to the throne room. Anaxir noticed that the throne room had decorations of gold and silver all along the walls. There were various items hanging from hooks as well. He didn’t recognize any of them, but he could at least tell they had been stolen from surrounding areas. He clenched his fist, thinking about all the suffering that might have happened for the king to get these artifacts. He was looking at a sword hanging from the wall, when a voice interrupted his train of thought.

	“So, peasant, you wished to speak with me.” It was the king. He was somewhat tall, sporting a greying beard and mustache, although his hair was still dark. He wore no crown, but was dressed in simple black tunic, pants and boots. The king also sported a silver cloak around his shoulders.

	“Yes, about the surrounding towns,” Anaxir replied.

	“Towns? You mean the ones that were tragically burned down?”

	“They burned because of you. You’ve been raiding and pillaging this area for too long. I just walked through a burning village, and saw bodies everywhere. I want you to please have mercy and spare the other towns, for I live in one of them.” The king glared at him.

	“You think I’m going to stop just because some peasant asked me to? I am on the brink of a new discovery in my magic. I need more resources to finish the project, and how else do you think I get them? I don’t mean to burn the villages, I simply thought the structures were uninhabited. They seemed so simple and primitive. I took what I wanted and left the rest to my soldiers. They’re the ones who actually burned it.”

	“Simple? Primitive? There were people living there who had all sorts of wonderful things to trade, teach, and offer this land. There was even a tavern which welcomed all strangers and residents alike, a place of gathering and friendship. And your  soldiers may have conducted the raid, but you ordered them to destroyed everything.”

	“I did not destroy the village,” the king said. “It was rather an unfortunate byproduct of my experimentation. Maybe if you had an appreciation for academics you’d understand, instead of running around fulfilling your appetite as all peasants do.” Anaxir clenched his fists even harder this time, and the king stood up to face him.

	“I will not grant your request, rather I will make a good example of you. Guards, leave. I will deal with this peasant myself.” The guards obeyed. As they filed out, the king undid his cloak, and threw it onto the throne. He turned to face Anaxir.

	“I don’t remember who you are, but you seem familiar.”

	“I don’t know you, I just know that you’re evil.”

	“Evil? Ha! I am not evil, I am a scholar, and sometimes experimentation requires us to make sacrifices. But you… I see something in you that I can’t place my finger on.”

Anaxir wasn’t sure where the king was going with this, but he noticed something about the king. He was wearing two pendants, each with a carving of a person. As Anaxir looked closely, he saw it was indeed the carvings he thought were destroyed, the ones he and Zion had lost fourteen years ago, along with their parents.

	“Those carvings around your neck. Those are mine,” Anaxir said.

	“No, they’re mine,” the king said. But then he paused. He looked closely at Anaxir, and his eyes widened. “I remember you. Or at least, someone who looks like you. Fourteen years ago, I was head of the royal guard in my predecessor’s court. The king had decided to raid nearby villages because he was obsessed with artifacts. That’s how everything in this throne room got here. I used the artifacts as the basis for my experiments. But these two were things I took for myself. I thought they looked nice. The original owners though, they looked like you do right now, if a number of years older.”

Anaxir was right. So this is the man who killed their parents! He didn’t know how to react other than to charge ahead. The king simply stepped to the side and kicked him in the back, letting out an evil laugh.

	“Ah, so they were your parents, then? I knew you looked familiar. I suppose this is my lucky day. I get to finish the job! The king cast a magical shot of energy, and threw it in Anaxir’s direction. It grazed his shoulder, but Anaxir kept going. The king kept shooting at him, some missing, but most managed to score a hit. The monk was running out of energy quickly, but he couldn’t give up now. He ducked and rolled, jumping up to deliver a sharp kick with both of his feet at the king’s midsection. The king fell over, and Anaxir jumped on him. The monk began punching the king repeatedly, while listing off every single person that this man had murdered in their village.

	“All those people, dead. And you’re the one who did it.” The king managed to grab Anaxir’s neck, and he rolled over, pinning the monk against the floor of the throne room.

	“Yes, I killed them. And you know what? They deserved it.” He gripped harder, and Anaxir was feeling the strain. He wasn’t just losing air; the hits he had taken earlier were beginning to take their toll. The king’s voice was getting harder and harder to comprehend, and Anaxir was sure he’d lose consciousness.

In that moment, another figure grabbed the king and threw him across the room. Anaxir gasped for breath. He blinked, and was just able to see Zion with several armed guards arresting the king and his men before blacking out completely.

When Anaxir has come to, he was in a cell. A closer look told him it was the detention block in the monastery. He was laying on a cot, and the only light in the room was from the singular window. In the sun’s rays he could see particles of dust floating in the air. What happened? Why was he here? A few minutes passed. Still nothing. He decided to get someone’s attention.

	“Hey!” he asked. “What am I doing in here? What’s going on?” He jumped off the cot and ran over to the door of the cell. The door was made of iron, with no window. He tried opening it. It wouldn’t budge.

	“I know someone’s out there. Let me out!” This time, a voice replied.

	“You’re not going anywhere,” it said. Anaxir didn’t recognize them.

	“Who are you?” he asked. No reply.

	“I demand to speak to Zion!” he said. Just then, the door opened. A monk, dressed in simple brown robes, waltzed in with a tray of food. He shut the door behind him, and glared at Anaxir, who was examining the tray. There was some fruit, bread, cheese, and a cup of water. He placed the tray on a small table next to the bed.

	“Eat,” the other monk said.

	“Who are you?” Anaxir asked.

	“I am the warden,” the other monk said emotionlessly. “Now eat.”

	“I’m not hungry,” Anaxir said. The warden replied by slapping him hard across the face. He collapsed on the floor, feeling the very noticeable sting.

	“Jeez, you couldn’t take a hint? I’ll eat later!” he said, rubbing his cheek.

	“Fine. No more food until tomorrow.” The warden picked up the tray and turned back to the door.

	“Tomorrow? This is ridiculous!”

The warden gave a nasty smirk. What a real piece of work! The warden opened the door again, and walked out. Anaxir went the rest of the night without any food. Why was he in here? Why hadn’t Zion come to see him? Anaxir wrestled with these questions all night, unable to sleep.

In the morning, the warden brought him the same kind of food from yesterday. He set the tray down, and told Anaxir to eat. Anaxir knew better than to talk back. He sat there awkwardly eating his food while the warden watched. When he was done, the warden took the tray and turned to the door. Just then, he whipped around and hit Anaxir with the back of his hand. Anaxir fell off the cot onto the floor.

	“What was that for?” he asked.

	“Because I don’t like you,” the warden said.

This routine went on for a few days, minus the slapping. Sometimes Anaxir would be given a tub of cold water, some soap, and a sponge to bathe with. Occasionally, they gave him a fresh set of simple monk’s clothes to wear. Anaxir would change into them while keeping his own vest and boots. Weeks passed. Then a month. Then three months. Six. Ten. But Zion never showed up. Where could he be? Anaxir wondered. He was beginning to doubt whether Zion cared about him, or if he was even still in the monastery. If he was, was he trying to get his brother set free? There was no clear answer. Perhaps Zion was trying, and the elders said no. Maybe he went to the Grand Master asking for help, and the Grand Master vetoed his request. Anaxir wracked his brain, but there was little information that the warden was willing to give. One day Anaxir asked the warden if Zion was dead. The warden said no. Then another day, he asked about the king. The warden said the old king was dead, and someone better took his place. But what did that mean? Were the raids and attacks finished? Or did the new king simply maintain the status quo, and just kill people less often? Still no answers beyond those.

Finally, one day, on month eleven, Zion came in with the warden. Anaxir initially smiled, but saw that Zion had no expression of joy on his face. He looked tired, and certainly a little older. His hair had gone from black to a more silver color. Anaxir knew their father had grayed early, according to what Zion had told him, and Zion apparently carried the same genetic trait. Anaxir opened his arms to hug his brother, but no reciprocation. Anaxir asked the question which pained his mind the most.

	“Where were you? I have been stuck here for a year.”

	“This was your punishment for what you did,” Zion said coldly.

	“What did I do?” Anaxir asked. He didn’t understand.

	“You attacked a monarch and interfered with local politics. You were lucky that we got there in time with reinforcements.”

	“Wait, what?”

	“One of the patrols saw you hopping out the bedroom window. He told us, and we sent a messenger out to some old friends of the elders, telling them about the evil king’s doings. They put together a small garrison to back us up in a rescue mission, and we found you on the ground in a chokehold. You passed out, but we healed your wounds and brought you in here half-conscious. The king committed suicide before we could question him, and the elders’ allies installed a new monarch, one who is much more benevolent. The elders said you broke the code, and you would have to be imprisoned for one year. They were angry at me too, for not keeping an eye on you, so they forced me to clean the whole monastery on my own. I am here to tell you that you won’t be here for much longer. Once the year ends, your case will be reconsidered.”

	Anaxir was shocked to hear all this. His brother, saying nothing about setting him free? It was preposterous. He never did anything wrong. All he did was try to stop the evil king from burning villages and towns. Then it got personal, for which Anaxir had no regrets. This man personally killed their parents. Did Zion not know that? Anaxir then blurted out every question he had on his mind. Zion waited for him to finish, and waved him off.

	“What you did may have been noble intentions, but you still violated our rules and our code. What would happen if the king turned his sights on this monastery? Would you want to go to war with him? We would lose our home for sure, and they would hunt us down until we were all massacred. Even the elders and the Grand Master aren’t strong enough to defeat an entire army, especially one backed by fire and magic.”

Anaxir couldn’t believe what he was hearing. No sign of compassion. No sign of regret for his imprisonment or isolation. Nothing about advocating to set him free. Just plain protocol and by-the-book conduct. In other words, it was the cold, calculating Zion that would only show in their studies, training, or examinations. Not the Zion that showed love for his family, or the one who remembered that he and Anaxir had a shared history.

	“Fine. I guess being your little brother means nothing to you,” Anaxir said. Zion said nothing, but instead walked out with the warden, leaving the tray of food on the table. Anaxir sat in a fetal position the cot. If anyone were to listen in that moment, they would hear him sobbing silently in the lonely cell.

Back in the present, Anaxir stared into his reflection in the puddle on the ground. His hair was disheveled, and the dark circles under his eyes from a lack of sleep were quite noticeable. Just then, he heard his brother’s voice.

	“You broke our code,” he said. “You ignored the wisdom of the Grand Master and defied the decrees of the elders.”

Anaxir couldn’t hear those words again. Especially not from his own brother.

	“You locked me away,” he said.

	“You did that to yourself,” Zion said. “You knew the rules. You read them, you broke them, and then you faced the consequences.”

	“Of what? Doing what was right? Or asking you to be a part of my life? Or both?”

	“You know what you did. I, therefore, have good news. The elders have decided to let you go free. If you want to stay, you must follow the code. If not, you must leave the monastery.”

At this point, Anaxir might have been angry. He raised his head and stood up.

	“You know what, Zion? You don’t care about anything but books, rules, and protocol. You have no idea what it means to be human, or what it means to appreciate things in life besides what they drill into you in schools. You never cared about anyone else, and certainly not me.” At this moment, Zion stood up to face him.

	“Anaxir, I do care about you. That is why I am giving you this choice. The elders said  what to do with you was up to me. And that is my offer.”
Anaxir couldn’t believe his ears. The council of elders let Zion dictate the terms of his release, and THIS was the best he could do? Family didn’t seem to matter to him. Anaxir lunged forward, but Zion stepped to the side. Anaxir crashed on the floor, and looked up at his brother, who was now in a fighting stance. He lashed out again with a solid punch, but Zion blocked it in its tracks. The older monk twisted his arm, and Anaxir cringed at the pain. But he didn’t stop. He brought his free hand down on Zion’s outstretched arm, and Zion lost his grip. Anaxir spun and kicked Zion in the chest, sending him backwards. Zion put his hand out to stop himself.

“So your response is to attack me,” he said with a disapproving tone.

“No. My response is to let you know that you were wrong!” Anaxir retorted. “What good is your protocol? What good is your code, your rules, your elders if they can’t protect innocents? That king was burning villages! He killed the halfling that we met on the mountain a year ago! He needed to be stopped somehow, and you and the elders were busy sitting on your hands!”

“The monastery has its own priorities. You have made an outside political matter personal, and then you nearly destroyed us in the process. We had to install a puppet to 

Zion subsequently threw a volley of shurikens. Anaxir ducked and then did a somersault, but one of the shurikens slashed at his left shoulder. He winced, but ran and kicked off a column, launching himself for a grapple. Zion did a backflip and knocked Anaxir down. The younger monk landed on his stomach, and groaned at the pain. He stood up, and went in for a furious slew of punches, Zion blocked and dodged continuously, and in the middle of one block, he grabbed Anaxir’s shoulder, pulled him in, and kicked hard into Anaxir’s abdomen with his knee. Anaxir crumpled onto the floor. Zion stood up, brushed himself off, and looked upon his brother.

	“Leave, Anaxir,” he said. “I won’t ask a second time.” With that, Zion disappeared, and Anaxir was left in a heap on the floor of the main hall. He stood up, clutching his abdomen as he made his way to the bedroom. He picked up his old travel sack, noticing that the penguin pendant still in it. Anaxir glanced at the figurines of his family on a shelf. He grabbed his own and placed it inside the sack, leaving the three of his parents and Zion. He stuffed some other necessary items into the bag: a bedroll, a waterskin, flint and steel, a spare healer’s kit, and a few rations. Anaxir turned back into the main hall, and passed by some other younger pupils. They looked at him strangely, as they didn’t know who he was. He walked out of the front door without saying a word.

As the sun began to set on that afternoon, Anaxir decided he would take the road in the direction of the town where he buried the halfling. The damage had been cleared out and some structures had been rebuilt by now. The place was now bustling, with several textile merchants, fruit vendors, blacksmiths, manufacturers of magic items, and of course, Maclaren’s tavern had been repaired. Anaxir was shocked at how quickly the town had repopulated. Even with magic users helping, the town looked healthier and larger than it had when he and Zion visited. He didn’t know where to go, so he walked into the tavern. He was greeted by a familiar face. It was none other than the half-orc from a year ago, the same one who had come to him for help. He had apparently become the bartender.

	“Monk!” he said. “I remember you! Come sit down!” Anaxir obliged. “So, what’s been new with you, monk? Sorry, I never actually got your name.”

	“Anaxir Khan,” Anaxir replied. “I need a drink.” The half-orc could tell by the tone in his voice that something was wrong.

	“Let me guess. She got the house?” he asked jokingly.

	“Oh, no no no no,” Anaxir said, waving it off. “I just… I don’t think I know what family is anymore.”

	“Whaddya mean?” the half-orc said. “Don’t you got a brother or something?” Anaxir glared at him, and the half-orc put his hands up and stepped back. “Woah, okay, touchy subject. More important matters. What’ll you have?”

	“Just some ale,” Anaxir said.

	“Just some ale? How much?”

	“A giant mug-full.”

	“Uh, okay. I’m gonna warn you, this stuff is really strong.”

	“Stronger the better.”

As the half-orc poured the ale into a giant mug, he told the stories of how he became a guard for another town in Browling, and heard rumors of how people were going to rebuild the town. He joined in, and within a matter of months, slowly but surely, the town was rebuilt. The half-orc learned to mix drinks. He became the bartender so he could tell stories to anyone who came by. As he talked, Anaxir downed drink after drink, not caring what would happen.

	“Hey, hey, slow down,” the half-orc said.
	“I’m fiiiine,” Anaxir slurred. He continued to drink until the night ended. The next morning, Anaxir felt someone tap his shoulder. He woke up, to see a half-elf employee. She had a concerned look on her face.

	“You collapsed on the floor, and Drahg had me brought you upstairs.”

	“Who the fuck is Drahg?” Anaxir asked, hardly able to get the words out coherently. He still had alcohol in his system.

	“The bartender. He didn’t want you to stay in the tavern, so I put you a room.”

	“Well thank you,” Anaxir said, patting his hand drunkenly on the employees head.

	“Yeah, um, we’re about to open again, so if you want to come downstairs, that’s fine.”

	“Oh, okay,” Anaxir said, and he stumbled out of the room and went down into the main part of the restaurant. Drahg was cleaning some glasses, and setting up the bottles in a row.

	“Well, good morning,” he said. “You downed quite a few last night.”

	“Yeah, tell me about it.”

	“Do you want something to eat?” he asked. “It seemed like you had a rough day yesterday, so I can give you one on the house.”

	“No, no, that’s fine. I’ll give you something for it.” Anaxir reached into his pocket and slapped two pieces of gold onto the counter. “Keep it.”

	“Woah, that’s too much,” Drahg said. He took one gold coin and gave the other back to Anaxir, along with six silver pieces. He then gave Anaxir some toasted bread with preserves, some scrambled eggs, and smoked sausage. Anaxir started eating, and pointed to a bottle of ale.

	“I want some,” he said.

	“Now?” Drahg asked. “It’s not even lunchtime. You really shouldn’t be drinking that much, Anaxir. I don’t know what happened to you after we parted ways last time, but I can’t imagine it was good. You need to talk to someone. I’m not really the kind of person to handle that, but a wizard or a cleric might be able to help you.”

	“No, just give me some ale,” Anaxir said. “For the road.”

“You want me to let you wander the street drunk?” Drahg asked.

“Oh no, I’ll be fine, I won’t start a fight or anything.”

“Umm… okay. Sure. That’ll be seven gold pieces.”

“Seven? Okay.” Anaxir slapped the gold pieces on the counter.

“I thought you were a monk.”

“This is literally everything I have,” Anaxir said, holding up his bag. “I never spend anything so whatever I do get just kind of builds up.”

“Oh, okay,” Drahg said as he handed Anaxir a large flask full of ale. “Don’t do anything stupid, now.”

	“I won’t,” Anaxir slurred. Drahg wasn’t entirely convinced, but he didn’t really have much of a choice but to let the monk go. He wondered how the monk could hold so many drinks that he was still drunk the next morning.

Anaxir walked out of the tavern, and made his way to the road again. He passed by the site where the halfling was buried. For a minute, he got a flashback to everything that happened, from the meeting on the mountain, to Drahg asking for help, to the fight with the king, to imprisonment, to the duel with Zion… Anaxir shook his head, trying to forget, and cursed himself, saying “No, no, no!” aloud. No one except a couple of farmers outside the town’s limits noticed, but they said nothing and passed him off as another drunken vagabond. Anaxir took a series of deep breaths, trying to calm himself, and put his hands on the side of his head. He noticed that someone, possibly Drahg, had put a large stone to mark the halfling’s grave. He pulled out the flask, opened it, and took a swig.

	“I drink to you,” he said to the grave. Then Anaxir turned and disappeared down the road, leaving the pendant of the penguin on top of the gravestone.
