As they were gearing up for the assault on the witches, the party found themselves with one of the rarest gifts they’d ever had: free time. After all, the Wizard and Elphaba needed time to prepare their forces for the attack and the Witches were unlikely to go anywhere. So, the group explored the legendary Emerald City, mostly looking for bars and something to entertain themselves.

Finally, they happened upon a tavern that had caught their eye: a brilliant shining building that actually seemed made out of emeralds, with a shimmering banner of a green animal in flight hanging above the door. Anaxir quickly took the lead and excitedly shoved the polished oak door open, letting out a warm, friendly atmosphere as it revealed the bustling interior. Everyone edged their way in as fast as possible, making sure to let in as little of the brisk wind outside as they could. Again taking the lead, Anaxir ignored the crowds of people around them and strode directly to the bar counter, taking in the massive wall of booze behind the bartender and practically falling over himself to get their attention. 

“Hey, the name’s Gramm Munchkinsly, what can I get you?” the bartender said, smiling brilliantly at Anaxir. “I’ll take all the beer you have” Anaxir ordered, his broad smile betraying his current already-drunken state. As the bartender turned away to retrieve a beer, Anaxir lightly touched his arm. “Sorry, I wasn’t sure you heard me. I’d like ALL the beer you have.” Gramm’s eyes widened as he took in Anaxir’s request and he quickly stammered, “Y-yes, right away sir.” As he received the first of many mugs, Anaxir spoke once again “And one more thing.” As he drained the mug in seconds, the bartender squeaked out fearfully, “What’s that sir?” Anaxir slammed down the mug and belched out “Open a tab.”

Following Anaxir’s determination to test exactly where his limit was, the rest of the group ordered: Lara and Adrasteia grabbing glasses of Olympian Wine and Allie getting slid a mug of beer as he played with Percy on his lap. As Alex eagerly filled her treasured gauntlet mug with Olympian Wine, Allie looked over, eyes widening in fear. He slapped the mug out of Alex’s hands as she went to take a sip, spilling it all over the floor. 

“Allie, what the fuck!” Alex exclaimed, snatching the mug off the oiled wood floor and examining it for damage. The bartender also nervously eyed Allie as a few munchkins ran over to clean up the spill before other patrons could slip on it. Before Alex could order more wine, Allie quickly explained “Uh yeah, so, I might have forgotten ta mention before, you cannae drink alcohol while yer pregnant. It can hurt tha baby later on.” Briefly, Alex stubbornly thought “No, it can’t be that bad, I should still be able to drink!” However, registering the truthful look on Allie’s face, Alex’s shoulders slumped in acceptance and she stowed her mug in her pack, knowing it was about to gather dust for the coming months. Allie noted the sour look on her face and placed a hand on her shoulder while saying reassuringly, “Yer doin tha right thing ya know.” Alex sighed and retorted “This baby best turn out to be a fucking legend.” Overhearing, Adrasteia joined Allie in placing a hand on Alex’s shoulders and commented “As long as you’re their mother, they’re bound to join the great stories.” Alex smiled and, as she sipped on some water she had received from the bartender, patted her stomach, thinking of the child she would be raising soon. 

As the night wore on, the rest of the party took the opportunity to steadily get more drunk, the only exception being Adrasteia who chose to stop herself after a bit of wine. She remembered all too well Artemis’s teachings of always remaining alert and ready for an attack. Addie had taken a seat at a corner table with clear view of the door, surveying it for any suspicious figures as she looked over the tavern, as usual, to make sure her companions weren’t getting into trouble. As much as she knew they were continuing to hide part of the truth from her, she still couldn’t help but trust them. As frustrating as they could be, together they had all accomplished great things in Atlantis. It was at times like this, with no problems to solve or threats to face, that everyone seemed perfectly comfortable with each other. Still, thoughts of her father and Artemis darkened Addie’s mood, she knew she had to find out what had happened to them and the fact that she didn’t know never ceased to bother her. As much as she wanted to help the people of Oz, she was anxious to move on to Olympus and finally obtain some answers.

Meanwhile, across the tavern the party members were acting their usual selves. Alex and Lara were flirting with some of the more attractive bar patrons, not necessarily looking for company for the night but perfectly fine with some intermittent making out. As they moved about the bar, a more observant person might’ve been able to catch sight of them stealthily high-fiving each other. As this went on, Allie and Percy had gained a crowd mixed of the shorter munchkins and taller travelers in the city. Some conversed with Allie but all of them were clearly there to devote their attention to Percy, who reveled in the petting he received, his tongue hanging out of his smiling mouth, eyes closed in pure bliss. Then finally there was Anaxir, giving poor Gramm a run for his money as he rushed to keep up with the beer vacuum. Taking a brief moment of respite from his twentieth mug he yelled “KEEP EM COMING LINUS!” Whimpering as he rushed to refill three more mugs from a keg, Gramm whispered “Who’s Linus?” and prayed to Boccob for strength. 

Eventually, the bar had begun emptying out at around 2am as many had to sleep for work or travel the next day. However, a single table of five people remained occupied. Anaxir had been cut off after his fiftieth mug of beer had sent him toppling out of his seat and was now being propped up at the table by Allie as he had reached a state of babbling incoherency. Now unoccupied and having received an extremely generous tip from Anaxir, Gramm was content to let everyone stay, relax, and sober up as he cleaned up after the other customers. For a while, everyone lounged on the grainy chairs, bathed in firelight from the crackling hearth, and drank in each other’s presence, small plates of Oz-grown steak and potatoes set before them. Adrasteia sat with her bow in her lap, nervously thumbing over the embossed wood as she thought of Anatolius, whom she’d left outside for fear of scaring people in the bar. Alex took the opportunity to speak with Aielia, who she’d taken to wearing on her hip at all times. She continued to educate Aielia on not only their mission and the outside world, but on her life as a whole and who she was as a person in an effort to forge a better understanding between the two. After all, the better they understood each other, the more Aielia would feel like an extension of her will rather than the simple weapon she had been before Atlantis. As Alex told her of her parents, the two who had created her (explaining reproduction to Aielia had been...interesting to say the least) Aielia interrupted her train of thought. “Why don’t you ever talk about the night you hurt your parents?” Alex went silent for a few minutes, her face darkening. “You good Alex?” Lara inquired. “Yeah, I’m fine” she responded, brushing off the concern. Speaking to Aielia once again, Alex simply said “That’s not something you’re supposed to ask people. If I wanted to discuss it, I would.” With that, Aielia also went silent.

 As Alex talked with Aielia, Lara had struck up a conversation with Acrola, mainly about the one thing she knew the sword liked to discuss: combat. The two were in an energetic discussion about where best to pierce the enemy during a sneak attack when she felt an unfamiliar presence reach out to her mind. It was like a fly at first, buzzing around trying to get her attention, yet easy to ignore. Lara kept her attention focused on Acrola, happy to finally have the sword eager to talk with her. Eventually, the light buzzing increased to practically a roar around her mind that demanded her attention. Apologizing to Acrola, she angrily answered the telepathic call of this other presence, worries of its animosity disregarded in the wake of her annoyance at the interruption. As soon as it talked, however, she recognized the voice: Aielia, Alex’s sword. “Aielia? Why are you trying to talk to me?” Lara asked, looking up to Alex whose eyes were closed and was leaning back in her chair, murmuring under her breath and rubbing the smooth golden scales on her left forearm. “I worry about Alex, she never wants to discuss the fate of her family but I can sense it tears her up inside.” Aielia spoke with concern in her voice, despite her mind being new, it was clear she worried over the fate of her master. Lara sighed, both mentally and physically, and responded “Aielia, I know you care about her but it’s not really my place to ask about this kind of thing. I know we’re pretty close, especially since everything that went down in Atlantis, but I barely want to talk about my own past, let alone make someone else talk about theirs.” Desperate, Aielia tried once more to persuade Lara “Exactly, she trusts you Larawyn. Please, I’m sure if you asked she might be willing to share what happened, maybe even be able to finally come to terms with it.” Lara then closed her eyes, contemplating the request and how Alex might react to being asked, especially in front of the others.

Allie stroked Percy who lay on his lap snoring lightly, his other hand keeping Anaxir from falling to the ground, and finally broke the silence that had settled among them. 
“Hey guys, it might be a good idea for us ta get some sleep” Allie suggested. “Most of ye have yer eyes shut already, seems like it’s that time.” Before anyone could move however, Lara finally broke from her silent meditation. “Hang on. Now’s as good a time as any to take care of this. Alex…” As Lara addressed her, Alex broke from her relaxed state and raised an eyebrow, unsure of what Lara was about to say. Attempting to remove herself from blame, Lara followed with “Aielia’s concerned about you and reached out to me to try and get you to talk about what’s happened to you. I guess I’m a little concerned too. You mention that you lost control but you never elaborate or talk about it. I know you trust us,even more than that, you think of us as family. Who better to help you face what happened to yours?” 

Alex’s face contorted in anger for a moment, directed mostly at Aielia for involving Lara. She hated the idea of Lara thinking any less of her, she always seemed so fierce and clever, so sure of herself. Alex had always admired and envied how she seemed to always know the right action to take, the right thing to say. Finally Alex sighed, letting all of that anger drift away. If Lara believed she should talk about it, then maybe it really was time to face her greatest failure. “Yeah alright, but you better get comfortable because now that I’m starting I’m not stopping.”


