Larawyn blinked out of her doze as the carriage came to a stop. The light coming in through the window was purplish and dim, signaling that the sun had recently set. Across from her, Adrasteia, Alex, and Anaxir seemed restless to stretch their legs, and Allie, who was sitting on her right, seemed occupied with the dog. 

Larawyn peered out the window. The town they’d arrived at tonight was much the same as all the others; a few shops, some housing for permanent residents, a small temple, and, thankfully, a quaint but serviceable-looking inn and tavern. 

“Looks like we’re here,” said Alex, seeming to appraise the town just as Larawyn had done. The rogue hummed in agreement, then opened the door and stepped out, the slight spring in her step unhindered by a long day of stillness. Behind her, the rest of the party eagerly exited as well. Larawyn waited a moment for everyone to regroup, then looked over to the rest of the caravan. The bulk of their military entourage was beginning to make camp, and the young King and Queen were standing with a small group of bodyguards and the eccentric crew they met in Atlantis, occupied in serious conversation. Catching Sweet’s eye, Larawyn glanced first at her group, then nodded toward the tavern, signaling that they were headed in. Sweet nodded back, then returned his attention to the two royals.

“Everyone ready?” asked Larawyn, turning to her companions. 

After being met with sounds of agreement, the half-elf flashed a grin, spun around with a sweep of her dark cloak, and strode toward the tavern, ready to start the evening off with dinner and a drink. Beside her, Alex walked with similar eagerness. Allie’s footsteps, steady and firm but heavy to Larawyn’s keen ears, were closely followed by the short, quick steps of his dog. Adrasteia and Anatolius both moved with a predator's grace, and Anaxir seemed carefree as usual. 

The walk to the tavern took but a moment. Pushing open the door, Larawyn scanned the inside of the room, noting a plain bar on the left wall, a few tables in the center and edges of the room, and what looked like the door to the inn on the right wall. It was empty except for the barkeep and a solitary merman occupying a table in the corner. It was small and a bit somber for how quiet it was, but there was alcohol on the shelves and food cooking in the kitchen, so it was good enough for her. 

The party settled in, ordering food and alcohol and securing a table. Alex approached the lone merman with a glint in her eye, and Anaxir, as usual, remained at the bar. Larawyn briefly considered keeping an eye on Alex’s progress; if flirting went poorly for the human, Larawyn could swoop in and try her luck, but just as the thought occurred to her, she let it pass. Her usual distractions held less and less appeal to the half-elf as they drew nearer to Atlantis.

She decided to stay at the bar. Motioning to the bartender for a cheap drink, she contemplated their situation. She’d never faced a challenge she couldn't beat, but even still, the gravity of the situation was weighing on her. She brooded and drank for a while, thinking about what they might find when they got to Atlantis. Taking a swig from her cup (was this her first refill? Her second? She couldn't recall), Larawyn glanced over at Anaxir. The monk was making a dedicated effort to find out if his bottomless mug had a limit; he had been drinking nonstop all evening. He paused to run a hand through his hair, momentarily sweeping it back from his face. In that moment, he looked strikingly like his brother. Larawyn had parted ways with Zion some time ago. She had liked the monk, and admired his skill in combat. In the time that she knew him, though, the human had never once mentioned having a brother, so to say that she was surprised when she met Anaxir would be an understatement. Larawyn was sure that if she had a sibling….

She cut off the thought with a harsh gulp of her ale. No use thinking about what could have been.

“Hey,” she said to Anaxir, turning her head to face Anaxir, “you planning on stopping anytime soon?” She accompanied the question with a quirk of her brow, the corner of her mouth curling in a gently teasing smile.

Anaxir side-eyed her for a moment, then broke out into a broad grin. “Y..you know damn well I'm just getting started,” he slurred, his body tipping to the side before he righted himself.

“You know,” Larawyn teased, knowing full well the irony and hypocrisy of her pointing out his drinking habit, “I think you're the only monk I’ve ever known to drink like you do.”

Anaxir just shrugged, taking another swig. 

Larawyn continued, “Your brother certainly never drank, though I’ll admit that you fight better drunk than he did sober. Maybe he should take a page out of your book.”

At the mention of his brother, Anaxir’s face closed off. He turned away, scowling. Larawyn blinked. Obviously, she’d struck a sore spot on accident. She felt bad -- of course she did -- but her burning curiosity prompted her to continue. 

“Ah. Sorry,” Larawyn said, grimacing, “I know you never talk about him, I just figured it was because it never came up in conversation. Are you two not on good terms?”

Anaxir clenched his jaw, pointedly not meeting Larawyn’s eyes, glaring straight ahead. He took a deep, measured breath, and there was a moment where it looked as though he’d say something. Instead, he exhaled just as slowly, focusing his gaze into his cup. His shoulders, which were previously loose and relaxed, were rigid, and his knuckles were pale with the force of his grip on the handle of his cup. A quick assessment of the human’s posture made it obvious that his whole body was tense, as if braced for an attack, or, Larawyn was alarmed to consider, to lash out. He’d never raised a hand against an ally before, and in truth, Larawyn knew he wouldn't, but the half elf couldn't shake the hard-learned paranoia prompting her to assess any threat, even the most improbable.

“...Anaxir?” Larawyn hesitated, glancing from his hands to his downturned eyes. 

The monk seemed deeply troubled, his stormy expression darkening. “Just let me enjoy my drink, alright?” he mumbled, his voice coming out far harsher than usual.

“Alright, alright,” Larawyn conceded, putting up her hands, “I’m just wondering, because Zion always seemed pretty straight and narrow. Obviously there’s some shit going on I never knew about, sorry, he never let on that something had happened. Shit, he never even mentioned having a brother.”

At those words, Anaxir’s head snapped up, his dark eyes meeting hers. The dazed fog that they usually held was gone. The expression on his face was intense, focused, and beneath his furrowed brows, his eyes were burning and clear. “I told you I don't want to talk about Zion!” he snapped, “You’re right, something happened. And honestly, it doesn't surprise me that he never talked about me, because quite frankly I think he’d rather forget about me. I’m not telling you about it, so just drop it.”

Larawyn was, for once, at a loss for words. Had it been someone she hadn’t known as well, she would have snapped back in anger or fired back a witty, cutting retort. She understood pain, and the need to hold it inside, of course she did. Now that she’d been shocked out of her ruthless pursuit of curiosity, a sense of shame washed over her. Who was she to pressure him to open up about his family? Shoulders slumping out of their usually jaunty angle, Larawyn looked down into her half-emptied cup, her lips pressed into a thin line. What Anaxir had hinted about Zion troubled her. She had never known the white-haired monk to be cruel or overly callous, but then again, had she ever asked Zion about his past? Granted, she got to know him well enough in the short stretch of time that they traveled together during and after the Rovgoth debacle, but Anaxir’s words made her question her view of Zion. 

Cautiously, she glanced over at Anaxir again. The glazed look had returned to his gaze, and he was staring into the middle distance, his back slumped and his elbows propped up on the bar. Larawyn pursed her lips and cast her eyes down and to the side, uncomfortable with the thick tension that now choked the air around them. At the table, the others had grown quiet. The half elf doubted that they had been able to make out many words -- Anaxir hadn't been loud, just intense -- but it was obvious to everyone by the sound of his voice and the looks on both of their faces that their conversation had been unpleasant. Unable to stand the stifling awkwardness, Larawyn picked up her cup and got to her feet, sliding off of the bar stool. She opened her mouth to talk, hesitated, and stayed quiet for a moment. 

“Sorry,” she muttered, breaking her short silence, the feeling genuine remorse coming as a surprise. She hadn’t meant to hurt her friend (is that what they all were now? Friends?), but she had anyway, flippantly brushing past his refusals because she was curious about the two brothers. When he didn't reply, not even seeming to hear her, she strode back to the table and sat down in a vacant chair.

“What happened?” Allie asked nervously, glancing toward the bar, then back to Larawyn.

“Ah, don't worry. Anaxir’s just feeling stressed,” Larawyn said with a quick grin, relaxing in her seat by assuming her usual sprawled, slouched posture. It wasn't her place to bring up Zion, so she sidestepped the real reason for his distress.

“Oh,” Allie replied, looking even more concerned, “maybe I should-”

“Nah, trust me, he needs some space,” Larawyn interjected, seeing Allie begin to shift his weight to stand.

The red-haired man stilled, but didn't look any less worried. Fortunately, Percy chose that moment to put his paws in Allie’s lap, causing the human to coo and pick up the dog. Larawyn glanced around again, seeing that Adrasteia had paused while she was eating to listen to the conversation. Alex was still preoccupied with the merman, and Larawyn didn't feel like putting the effort into eavesdropping to see how her tall companion was faring. The tavern had filled up a bit with members of the caravan, but the mood still wasn't as lively as she would have liked. Larawyn wasn't nearly drunk enough, but the thought of returning to the bar where Anaxir still sat made her cringe. With a sigh, she drained the rest of her ale and wiped her mouth on the back of her hand when not a drop was left. 

“Well, I think I’m gonna turn in for the night,” she announced, putting down the cup and standing, “I’ll see you all tomorrow.” 

As she walked to her room and got ready for bed, she pondered what Anaxir had said. She hadn’t the slightest clue what had happened between the two brothers, but from his reaction to her asking, it obviously wasn't good. She knew that none of her friends were without troubles, but she hadn’t stopped to really consider them until now. Just tired and tipsy enough for an annoying fog to have settled in her mind, Larawyn was unable to focus and analyze the interaction any further. Shortly after her head hit the lumpy pillow, she drifted off to sleep.
