The day was cool. The ninth kingdom, previously trapped inside a bubble, was still floating high above the lands. The Empress stood in her throne room, looking downwards at the elegantly trimmed courtyard. The gardens were quite beautiful, if only there was anyone other than herself to appreciate them. No, she thought. Better to be alone and rule unopposed. She had worked hard to build this empire, and wasn’t going to lose it, especially not to someone inside the palace. Especially not her own daughter. Not while that sad fool Atticus was still filling her young head with happy fairytales.

She looked beyond the courtyard now, into the fields surrounding the castle’s walls. Beyond that, the massive city, where her enemies were waiting to strike for sure. Could they take her down? Possibly. But she had done her job to ensure the other eight kingdoms remained powerless. Either through subterfuge or outright annihilation, they were pacified. Atlantis and Foodlandia were easy; they simply fell into civil wars on their own. Oz and the Kyler Islands needed some kind of push, she had her own puppets to keep them in enough conflict that they wouldn’t bother her. The Seven Kingdoms, well, that was complete massacre. Others seemed to follow one pattern or another like these. Surely they hadn’t defeated her puppets, or resolved their inner conflicts and were now coming for her? Even if her enemies lay in the city beyond the castle, she still couldn’t see them, which probably meant there were few of them. She figured that her weapons and army could tank whatever force came her way, and she could make a neat demonstration out of their leadership. An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again, after all.

Meanwhile, the so-called enemies of the Empress, the group of heroes tasked by Atticus to rescue Bouganvilla, were more or less in the same area. Larawyn’s team had found an abandoned military camp. Sir Reginald said it was the old training ground where he and other cadets for the Princess’s elite guard used to practice their skills. The camp was fairly spacious, stretching for acres in an already-large city. It was situated just at the city limits, so that the guards might be able to quickly ride across the field to defend the castle should an invasion occur. Sir Reggie continued to look around. He recognized the barracks, the mess hall, and the captain’s quarters. All of his memories came flooding back, and he shed a single tear.

	“I-I just don’t understand. All of this was thriving, and then she took over,” he said sadly.

	“Dude, I’m sorry,” Lara said, trying to be sympathetic. She knew what it was like to lose her family, as many of her companions did. She knew that being in military service together made families of its own; losing a “brother” or “sister” in combat could be traumatizing. Lara had no idea how Sir Reggie truly felt, but she could comfort him. She placed a hand on his shoulder plate.

	“There’s nothing that we can do now,” she said. “That’s all in the past. It’s possible that many of them are inside the castle, forced to work for the Empress. But we’ll do what we can to avenge the ones who died fighting against her.” Lara’s resolve was real. She had grow to care for all of her companions, even those who disappeared from time to time. She caught a glance from Sir Reggie, who was now smiling.

	“Thank you, Larawyn of House Alenand. You are a cunning warrior and a good friend.” Lara wasn’t sure what to think of this; no one had ever called her name in such a regal manner. But she grinned and let Sir Reggie continue on observing and reminiscing. She looked back, and saw Alistair lugging behind. He had his warhammer over his shoulder, but was dragging his feet in the sand.

	“How much longer? I mean, I really don’t mind, Sir Reggie, I know this is kind of a big moment for you, but… I need to take a rest.” Allie was worried he had insulted the knight. Sir Reggie gave him a confused look, and Lara rolled her eyes.

	“Would you pick up the pace?” Lara snapped. “You need to move, quickly. Once the others are done with recruiting and reconnaissance, we’re all going to meet up here. Sir Reggie said that we might want to because…” Her voice trailed off; she had forgotten what the knight said specifically. He happily chimed in.

“We can use the empty base as a staging ground for our attack on the castle,” he said. “And finally liberate the Princess, my rightful and just leader.” He marched on in a soldier’s gait, with Lara and Allie close behind him. The three of them entered a clearing in the center of the camp, and were quite surprised to find some familiar faces. One of them was Praetoris, distinguishable by his rogue’s clothes. It was nothing quite as nice as Lara’s, but still more than functional. Another was a druid dressed in a forest-colored tunic. He was a tall half-elf with a large direrat at his side. It was Tannis, someone who Lara had previously traveled with in central Rovgoth. The direrat was Gibbis, and had always accompanied Tannis as long as Lara knew him.

“Well, long time, no see” Lara said. “I didn’t think anyone else was here. You must have had the same idea that we did.”

Praetoris nodded. “Yes, and this base has been claimed for the use of both parties. I’m sure we can get along here, right?”

Lara wasn’t sure, but she nodded anyway. She hadn’t seen Tannis nor Praetoris in months, and had no idea what that meant in book years. But if they made it this far, far enough to claim the base, then she figured she could trust them. There was one person that Lara didn’t recognize, but apparently Sir Reggie knew them. They looked like a Paladin, or rather an ex-Paladin, dressed in full-plate armor and brandishing a longsword. It was Galon, presumably a member of the Princess’s old guard. Sir Reggie stopped as soon as he saw him.

“I know you. You’re the one who wouldn’t shut up about how great the academy was!”

“Because it was and still is great, Sir Reginald. I’m surprised to find you here. I thought your idealistic heroism would have done you in by now.”

Lara knew that if someone ever insulted her like that, especially someone from her own profession, she would kill them instantly. But Sir Reggie was a principled man, and he remained calm throughout the whole thing.

“Oh, Galon, you haven’t changed in the years since.”

“Neither have you,” Galon said with a smirk. But Praetoris had enough of it.

“Look, Galon, it’s great you can have a chad-tastic time with old war buddies,” he said, “but we got a job to do here. The Empress is waiting in the castle, and our allies on the eastern side of the map are still trying to clean up the mess we left in the Seven Kingdoms.” 

“Ah, the Seven Kingdoms?” Galon asked with a hint of doubt. “You really think they’ll come? They were the first to get wiped out in the initial takeover. They’ve been in hiding.” Allie perked up. He didn’t know what the Seven Kingdoms were, per se, but that they were one of the eight sectors of this world. But something wasn’t right. He nervously tapped Lara on the shoulder.

“Hey, Lara, isn’t that where Addie’s father disappeared off to?”

“Allie, I don’t know. But shush, or else we’ll get in trouble.”

“I think that’s what it was, but we might want to know if he’s alive in case she gets here.”

“I don’t know. I really don’t, Allie, now stop. We’ll figure this out.”

Lara didn’t want to think much of it, but she sensed that something was in the air. Not literally, but just a bad feeling that crept up her shoulders. She looked to Sir Reggie, who shrugged, watching Praetoris, Galon, and Tannis exchange words among themselves. To the right of the other party was  what appeared to be a human-sized gingerbread person, wearing thief’s clothes and carrying a sword. The gingerbread person gave Lara a look.

“What? You’ve never seen someone from Foodlandia before?” she asked irritably. Lara was about to respond when another set of voices rang out. Alex, Addie, Faewyn, and Anaxir had arrived. Alex was shouting something about all the other kingdoms being on board. Food and transportation from the Kyler Islands. Funding, technology, and weaponry from both Oz and Atlantis. And a goddamn Spartan army and the good will of the Pantheon from Olympus.

“Alex, calm down!” Allie shouted back. “We’re talking with the other party.”

“Are you?” the gingerbread person asked. “It sounds like we’re all just shouting nonsense at each other.” Lara was still confused.

“Who are you?” she asked. The gingerbread person then revealed herself to be Anya, the former princess from Foodlandia who fled the revolution. Her family had been in charge of Foodlandia for generations, until Vladimir Lemon took over the city of St. Petersburger and renamed it Lemongrad. She was the only one left alive, now in exile.

“Basically, I’m trying to find my way around here,” she said. “I figured I could save the Princess, and in return, serve in her royal court, or maybe get her to grant me immunity back home so Lemon’s goons don’t kill me.” Lara nodded to show that she understood. But something here was still off. Where was everyone else? She could have sworn there were more of them. Luckily, Praetoris took the lead to explain.

“Well, anyway, we’ve been recruiting and gathering intel just as you have, although you certainly have a larger army on the way than we do. But Silena should be back from Wonderland soon, and after that, our respective forces should arrive within a few days. Then we plan, form up, and finally take the castle.”

“I assume you’re going to draw up the battle plans,  then?” Faewyn asked with a mocking tone in her voice. “You don’t look like much of a leader.”

“Hey, just so you know, I have an excalibur,” Praetoris retorted. I can use it to lead the armies against the castle. As for your comment, though, you look like a Vampire. Can’t tell you how much I’ve trained to fight and kill those monsters.” Faewyn bared her fangs in response, but Addie stuck her arm out to hold Faewyn back.

“Okay, both of you, let’s not kill each other, or else the Empress will have our necks,” she said. “It’s bad enough that we don’t know how large of a force she has compared to ours, but the castle is extremely well-garrisoned. We’ll need to meet with the leaders of every kingdom at this base to coordinate both land and air forces. Where are your armies coming from again?”

“The Enchanted Forest, Wonderland, Foodlandia, and the Seven Kingdoms,” said Tannis. “All of them are providing resources in one way or another, albeit to varying degrees.” Addie felt her stomach clench up for a second. The Seven Kingdoms. That’s where her father went on his journey, in the days before the Princess disappeared. Where was he all this time? Could he still be there? She knew it wasn’t the time to ask, but this was her father. She needed to know, and couldn’t hold it in any longer.

“Wait, you said you’ve been to the Seven Kingdoms? Did you ever meet someone there who was from Olympus?” She waited for a response. Tannis couldn’t find the words, and the others waited in an awkward silence. Praetoris knew there was something wrong. He HAD seen something from Olympus, but he wasn’t sure if it related to Addie. He cautiously stepped forward.

“Uh, we were in the Beast’s castle. Grim place. Belle was dead. It seemed like everything and everybody had all been cursed. I don’t know how, but it was definitely related to the Empress. There were some walking suits of armor and one of them had this emblem on it.” The rogue held up a small piece of metal with an engraving on it. “We didn’t know what it meant, so we took it with us.”

“That’s the symbol of my father’s family!” She exclaimed. “He never left the house without it. How did you get it? You shouldn’t have it.” Blood was rushing. She knew the answer might be something terrible. But Praetoris sighed. He figured the emblem might have been important, but he didn’t know it would come back to haunt the party.

“As I said,” he began cautiously, “it was on one of the suits of armor.” Addie had a look of horror on her face. Her father, cursed into a suit of armor. Everyone noticed the tension, and the tortured look on Addie’s face. Allie stepped forward and placed a hand on her shoulder.

“It’s okay, Addie, we’ll find him. I’m sure he’ll be fine.”

“Allie, let go of me.” She turned to Praetoris. “Your name is Praetoris, correct?” she asked with a interrogative tone. He nodded in response. “Well,” she continued, “we have a few days before the armies arrive. Until then, I’m going to the Seven Kingdoms to find my father and rescue him.” She began to turn around. Praetoris debated whether he should tell Addie the truth. He was about to speak up when Galon let the cat out of the bag.

“You can’t! Your father’s dead!” he shouted. Addie whipped around, jaw open in shock.

“...What?” she asked in disbelief.

“Yeah, kid, your father is dead. Quite frankly, he attacked us first, and we had to defend ourselves. His armored companions killed Piper, and nearly killed Silena. We had to flee.” Addie knew what that meant. Her expression turned from shock to anger.

“Did you kill my father?” she demanded. She drew her dual swords. Praetoris’ entire team stepped back about five paces. Praetoris thought for a moment. While this wasn’t a conversation in which he wanted to find himself, he knew it was better if he told her the truth.

“Maybe,” Praetoris admitted. “I dropped a chandelier on him and we ran. I wasn’t sure who it was. I’m sorry.” But Addie was now clearly enraged. Galon held up his shield and drew his sword. Anya drew hers. Praetoris had his hand on the excalibur. Tannis looked at Gibbis, who was watching intensely. In the other party, Lara gave Alex and Anaxir a nervous look. She saw that Alex had her hand on Aelia. Anaxir tapped the bracers on his arms to indicate he was ready. It seemed like everyone was going to stand with Addie. Lara didn’t think fighting it out was a great idea. She knew that Silena had the amulet which could get them out of the book. If Silena was with them, there was nothing stopping the other party from fleeing and abandoning everyone in the book. Lara figured she could steal it, but that was another conversation for later. This conflict was doing nothing good for their diplomatic interest in leaving together peacefully.

But there were more pressing matters. Lara’s instincts told her that the other party was ready to pounce. She knew that they had been through a lot of shit, and they weren’t going to take any chances. They will absolutely kill Addie if it meant their survival. To keep the Olympians on their side, they needed Addie to remain alive and well. Even if the fight ruined their chances of escape, losing Addie meant losing the Olympians, which meant losing the war. And there was no way the Empress would show them mercy. Lara chose to respond to the other party in-kind, and drew Twilight Impaler. Acrolla was too powerful. There was a vested interest in keeping their fellow adventurers alive, so she thought she might “go easy” on them.

The rest of the party was ready. Faewyn bared her fangs at Praetoris; she was going to stand up for Addie, and if that meant killing the Vampire-hunter, she’d be satisfied. She also gave Galon a nasty glare. She wanted him gone, too. Alex had Aelia out. Anaxir tightened his belt. Allie looked at Milo and nodded; there was going to be a lot of healing. Both sides stared each other down for a few moments. Then Tannis spoke up.

“Praetoris, run.”

What ensued was complete chaos. Praetoris spun around and took off, immediately invoking a response from Addie. She ran forward. Galon stepped in her way, rapidly saying that he was sorry for what he told her, trying to calm Addie down. Addie wasn’t having it, and began slashing at the ex-paladin. Galon easily blocked and deflected her attacks, but they were relententless.

Meanwhile, Lara stepped forward to help Addie, but she heard a familiar growl. It was Gibbis. He bared his fangs, his claw digging into the dirt under him. Tannis appeared behind him. He had his sword drawn.

	“Look, Larawyn, we know each other. I don’t want to fight, but I will if your teammates keep trying to kill us.”

	“We’re not trying to kill you, but your friend there might kill Addie. And we need her.”

	“It’s one person, Lara. Over what, five? You really want to make that gamble?”

	“I guess we’ll have to see,” she said with a smirk. Lara slashed at Tannis, who blocked the strike with his sword. Gibbis pounced on her, but she kicked at the direrat’s stomach with both feet. Gibbis flipped over and landed on his back. Lara jumped up, and began advancing, striking with cuts, jabs, and slashes at the druid. Tannis blocked and parried capably, but Lara was too fast to let him get in a counterstrike. He swiped from the right, to which Lara easily ducked and slashed upwards, making a cut on Tannis’ right forearm. It stung, but Tannis could take it. He went for a broad sweep at Lara’s feet. She jumped, and reengaged. For Tannis, nothing seemed to be working.

Gibbis rolled off his back. He could hear Tannis and Lara engaged in an intense duel. He shook his head, but when hs vision came clear again, he found himself face to face with Anatolius. The wolf growled, and Gibbis growled back. The two began circling each other, and then Anatolius pounced. Anatolius was both faster and stronger. He clawed and bit at Gibbis, creating bloody wounds in the direrat’s limbs, face, and chest. Gibbis batted the wolf in the face with a claw, causing Anatolius to flinch. The wolf shook his head, a small but fresh claw mark on the left side of his snout. He growled, and the two animals went at it again.

Faewyn looked over at Galon and Addie, engaged in a sword fight. Their blades were locked, and Galon was driving the hunter backwards. Nevertheless, she continued to resist. Faewyn decided to intervene. She couldn’t stand to see Galon get the upper hand over any of her friends, especially Addie. She drew her sword, charged with ice damage. Using superhuman speed, strength, and agility, she did a flip forward over Addie’s head as soon as a gap between the two combatants appeared. She smashed into Galon’s shield full-strength with a jump kick. The ex-paladin was unharmed, but the force of the blow sent him reeling backwards. Faewyn rushed forward, slashing out with fury at her nemesis. But Galon’s raw skill with the sword was greater, even if the vampire he fought was physically stronger. He saw a gap in Faewyn’s attacks and made a quick strike at her left side. The cut wasn’t too deep, but it was painful. Faewyn grimaced, but the pain only made her angrier. She put away the sword and lunged for a grapple. Galong put up his shield, and the determined vampire grabbed the sides of it immediately. She began pushing backwards, driving Galon towards one of the barracks. She looked back at Addie.

“Go, I got this!” she shouted. Addie responded by chasing after Praetoris.

Sir Reggie saw Addie move, and, out of the corner of his eye, Anya, the gingerbread woman, chasing the hunter. He looked at Allie.

“I will help her. You and Milo stay, and make sure nobody does anything crazy.”

“You got it,” Allie replied. He gave Sir Reggie a thumbs-up, watching as the brave knight dashed ahead with his longsword in his hand. Allie heard Percy bark. He whipped his head around, and saw the corgi panting and barking in the direction of Anatolius. The wolf had disengaged, and he sped across the base towards Sir Reggie.

Addie had her eyes locked on Praetoris. He was already pretty far ahead, and although she could catch him, she wasn’t sure if she could catch him without someone interfering or slowing her down. A second later, she sensed someone running behind her. Before she could see who it was, she felt that person grab her around the waist and tackle her to the ground. It was Anya, the rogue from Foodlandia. There was a distinct scent of gingerbread. Addie rolled around and began punching the gingerbread woman. Aside from a few specks of crumbs falling, Anya was unharmed. She put her hands around Addie’s wrists, holding her down.

“Move!” Addie said, not having time for bullshit today.

“You need to stop, please,” Anya said. “It wasn’t Praetoris’ fault; he didn’t know. His friend Piper had just died, and all he saw was the thing that killed her.”

“Says the woman who replaced her,” Addie scoffed. Anya’s expression was full of frustration and annoyance.

“That’s not the point! We were threatened, and he did what he had to do! It wasn’t his fault! You have to understand that!”

	“I don’t care. He killed my dad.” Addie started pushing the gingerbread woman, and suddenly, she moved. Addie wondered if her strength had increased but it was just Sir Reggie. The knight had lifted her adversary off of her. He threw Anya to the side, but she just got back up and started running. Addie ignored her for a second as Sir Reggie helped her to her feet. Anatolius approached a few seconds later.

	“You alright?” the wolf asked.

	“I think so,” she said back to him. The wolf was relieved that she wasn’t injured. Addie looked to Sir Reggie.

	“Thank you,” she said.

	“You’re quite welcome, hunter of Artemis,” he said with a grin. “Now, let’s catch that rogue. You’re not actually going to kill him, are you?”

	“Most likely, especially if he puts up a fight, which he probably will.” 

“I think I would actually kill him, regardless,” Anatolius said. “He killed family. That crosses so many lines.” The three of them watched as a large cheetah sped past them. The cheetah was carrying a direrat on his back.

“What the hell was that?” Anatolius asked Addie.

“I think that was the Druid, Tannis,” she replied. “Everyone’s got a gimmick now.” Addie the heard the sound of hooves and whinnying sound. It was Galon, on horseback.

“Out of the way!” he shouted. The three of them rolled to the side to avoid getting their heads cut off, and continued the chase.

Farther down, Anya looked back to see a cheetah and Galon on horseback rapidly approaching. Sir Reggie, Addie, and Anatolius were following behind. Anya had stopped where Praetoris was. She began to berate him.

“Why did you stop, they’re coming for you!”

“We got some reinforcements,” he replied. He pointed next to him, and Anya saw three individuals. One of them, she knew. Another was slightly familiar, and the last one she did not recognize at all.

Meanwhile, mere minutes prior, Alex glanced at Faewyn, who was advancing on Galon. Addie had just disengaged to chase after Praetoris. The vampire initially appeared to be on the offense, but she lost her momentum when Galon struck her in the side. Alex decided to help her, and motioned to Anaxir to follow. The drunken master asked if he should use the bracers, and Alex shook her head.

	“I don’t want you to accidentally kill someone. Now to think of it, I should put this away.” Alex sheathed Aelia. She didn’t want to risk burning Faewyn, who was an undead warrior. It was something she did once before, long ago during the Skirmish of Neverland. Now that she was stronger, she might actually kill her vampire companion. Even accidentally injuring her would warrant another ass-kicking in the next training match.

Allie was observing the entire ordeal. The gingerbread princess had Addie on the ground, but Sir Reggie and Anatolius were rapidly approaching them. Alex and Anaxir were about to join the fight against Galon. What to do? Allie asked himself. He wanted to do something, but what? Everyone seemed to be occupied. The cleric decided to focus on Lara, who seemed to be winning.

Lara looked at Tannis. She thought she was beginning to wear him down. Perhaps one more decent strike, not a lethal one, but one to keep him docile. She rushed forward, hitting the Druid in the abdomen with her knee. Tannis gasped and collapsed, and Lara approached him slowly. Her opponent was looking at the ground.

“You’re done, Tannis. Stay out of my way.” She was about to hit him over the head with her fist, but her hand never made contact. Instead, Tannis caught her wrist, and a few seconds later, Lara found herself in the grip of a large chimpanzee. Tannis, being a Druid, had transformed.

“Tannis,” she said struggling, “let me go, now.” The chimp did not relent. Instead, he lifted her off the ground, and threw her backwards. She crashed into some nearby crates. Lara groaned, and rubbed her lower back. It hurt a lot, but at least nothing seemed broken. There just might be bruising later. She pulled herself up, despite the pain, and looked in Tannis’ direction. He had transformed into a large cheetah, and was running to catch up with Praetoris. Gibbis was on his back, hanging on quite strongly.

Allie ran over to check if Lara was okay. “You good?” he asked.

“No, I’m not good. One of my old friends decided to throw me into a stack of crates.”

“Well, the others are on the chase. You want in?”

“Well, some of us gotta keep us from killing each other.” Lara motioned in Addie’s direction, who was farther across the length of the base with Sir Reggie and Anatolius.

“We gotta move. If the other party decides to engage with lethal force, we risk losing a friend and a critical ally along with her.”

	“Agreed. But why fight? Can’t we reason with Addie? Talk it out with her?”

	Lara sighed. “Allie, the day you find out your parents are dead is a difficult one. I can’t argue with you right now. If we don’t protect Addie, she’s dead for sure.”

	“I get that, and I have lost my mother, remember?”

Lara thought, no use in going further with this debate. She grabbed Allie’s hand and they made a break for the far end of the base.

Meanwhile, Galon thrust his strength into his shield arm, pushing Faewyn backwards about five feet. She looked at him, with seething rage. She clutched her side. It still hurt, but if she could get a good angle on his neck… that might just work. At that moment, though, several knives flew around Faewyn’s head. She turned to see Alex and Anaxir approaching rapidly. Alex was casting major images of weapons and throwing them. Galon put his shield in front of his face to avoid being mutilated. The blades bounced off of the tough metal, and the knives fell to the ground. Alex continued to cast and throw them in Galon’s direction. He tried to pick them up, but they faded as soon as he lifted them. He didn’t understand, as many chads could not. How could a weapon be there, and then not be?

The ex-paladin was shocked by the revelation that he didn’t see Alex’s hands turn into claws. The dragon disciple jumped at him, and slashed at his face with a claw. Galon was cut in several places across the right cheek. He cried out in pain as thin, scarlet lines of blood dripped onto his neck and shoulder. He immediately put his shield up to defend himself. Alex slashed at him again, this time downwards with both sets of talons. She couldn’t break the shield, but she left several long claw marks in the metal. Galon did another shield-bash, and hit Alex square in the face. She fell over, and looked up to see Galon with his sword raised high above his head.

“Die, you fiend!” he exclaimed. But Alex had Aelia in her hand. She brought the blade up, and the two of them clashed, emitting sparks from metal on metal. Alex activated the fire, which surprised her towering opponent. He jumped back, and she swung at him again.

While Alex engaged Galon, Anaxir stopped next to Faewyn. He pointed drunkenly in the general direction that everyone seemed to be running.

“Go, Addie needs you,” he said. She nodded, and took off sprinting. Anaxir turned around and ran past Alex. He jumped, spun, and used the momentum to throw a heavy punch. Galon raised the shield again. The monk’s fist made contact with a heavy metallic reverberation. The ex-Paladin could barely resist the sheer force of the hit, but he was steadfast.

“Goddamn it,” Anaxir said. “Nothing seems to be stopping this guy.”

“And nothing will,” Galon boasted. He spun to the side, getting out of the gridlock with Anaxir, and jumped on a nearby horse. He snapped the reins and the horse sped away. He saw Faewyn just ahead of him. He raised his sword to decapitate her, but she could sense his presence. She ducked and rolled as his blade passed over her. Galon continued to ride, passing Addie and Sir Reggie. He could see the others in the distance. They had stopped running, just a few hundred yards from the edge of the base. The massive fields and the castle beyond could be seen in the distance.

After dodging Galon’s attempt to kill her, Faewyn caught up to Addie, Sir Reggie and Anatolius. Lara, Allie, Anaxir and Alex joined them soon after. All of them were running, at slightly different paces, but more or less enough of the same to stay with one another. They could see Praetoris, Anya, Tannis, and Galon in the distance, at the point where Praetoris had stopped them. Addie had her swords ready. She would honor her father’s death, one way or another. The others were surprised at how passionate she was about the subject. No other time had Addie ever been so emotionally driven. Allie remembered the incident on the Dutchman’s ship, where Anaxir almost had to intervene to keep Addie from killing him. But here she was, in the forefront, with everyone grouped around her. The party was getting closer, and closer and--

BZZZZZZT! A beam of pure energy cut across their path, forcing them to stop. The beam left a long scorch mark in the dirt. Everyone looked up to see where it came from. It was Silena, the halfling mage. She was levitating, with the help of Praetoris using The Force. Praetoris lowered Silena to the ground, and a voice rang out, as if it were coming from throughout the base. It was a familiar voice, one which Lara and Faewyn somewhat recognized. But Anaxir knew it by heart. 

Zion Khan, dressed in the familiar grand master’s robes, spoke to the group:

“Adrasteia, Hunter of Artemis, the one who stands her ground, I understand that you are doing what you think is right, that you are honoring your father’s unjust death. But for the sake of this world, for the sake of the mission that has been assigned to you, you MUST stand down, now.”

	Anaxir was confused. He stepped forward to address his older brother.

“What the hell are you doing here? I thought we established we were cool!”

“Anaxir, my brother, I do not remember such a conversation. I heard tales of a drunken monk who entered an entire world encapsulated within a child’s storybook. I wanted to find you and bring you home, so that you could be there for the ceremony when I was anointed the rank of Grand Master. But I find instead a world torn by war, and how much you’ve helped these people. So I told the wizard I would help him, if he would allow me to find you. I met up with Silena when she was on her way back from Wonderland, and now I am here.”

Anaxir was stunned. He remembered their conversation had just been on account of Alex’s illusions. Or had it? He was too drunk to think clearly. Whatever it was, the conversation had gone well. But in this moment? His own by-the-book brother, praising him? He didn’t believe it for a second.

“So, Zion, you’re actually proud of me this time?”

“I am,” the older monk admitted. “And I know you will continue to do what is right.” He paused, and Anaxir waited for the contingency. “Therefore,” he continued, “you must know that you friend is making a mistake.” Anaxir grimaced in disgust. No change and no apologies from him after all.

Alex stepped forward as well. She knew that there had been strife between the Khans. “Zion, right?” she asked. The white-haired monk nodded. Alex continued: “I think they already made a mistake by killing Addie’s father. It seems you too have forgotten that family is important.” Even with Alex lecturing him, Zion’s stoic expression remained. The others in Praetoris’ party gathered around him, standing side by side.

“I’m imploring you all to please stand down,” Zion went on. “You won’t make anything better by trying to punch your way out of this.” Lara gave a smirk. It was an ironic statement, coming from Zion, of all people. She read their lineup: Galon, Anya, Praetoris, Tannis, Zion, Silena, and one other she recognized. It was a tall dragon-like humanoid, wearing a scarf and a vest. It was the self-proclaimed eco-terrorist, Jerry. His armonica was standing on the side of him.

“Well, you guys seem to have thrown in with the wrong crowd,” Lara snapped, pointing to Jerry. “What are YOU doing here?” she demanded. “I remember you. You abandoned us in Atlantis, and we were nearly massacred by Abeloths! Where did you take Valith, by the way?”

“I brought her back to the camp,” he said defensively. “I then went on my own to destabilize the Empress’ regime, thank you very much. These people stopped me from poisoning half of Foodlandia. I was brought here as backup, and these people have been much kinder to me than you ever were.” Jerry took a stance with the others next to him. Lara nodded to Addie. The party was standing side by side, mirroring their opponents left to right, respectively: Faewyn, Lara, Addie, Allie, Anaxir, Alex, and Sir Reggie.

“Here we go,” Addie said as she started walking towards the other party. Everyone else walked at the same pace as her. Praetoris watched as they advanced towards his position. Addie gave him the death glare. He looked left and right, and began walking as well. Like their opponents, Praetoris’ team walked with him. As one side began to speed up their pace, the other did as well.

“This is gonna end well,” Lara said with light sarcasm. The parties had elevated from a walk to a light jog.

“They’re not stopping,” Tannis said nervously on the other side.

“And neither will we,” Praetoris said with conviction. The pace was now growing exponentially into sprinting. The fury of the conflict just before them was rising higher and higher. It felt as if the entire world might collapse upon their meeting. The parties got closer. Faster. Closer. Faster. Closer. Faster, and then faster, until…

High in her throne room, the Empress sipped gently on a glass of wine. She looked out into the city, where, unbeknownst to her, her enemies were busy fighting among themselves, at an abandoned military base from the days of her daughter’s rule. Perhaps ironically, or perhaps not, she chuckled to herself.

“As I said before. An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumbles from within, that’s dead.”


