On the ground, Allie was straining himself. He was shielding his own body as well as Sir Reggie’s from harm. Anya and Jerry had pressed the offensive even harder; the explosions and bolts hitting Allie’s magic shield were increasing in number and magnitude. There wasn’t much time, as Sir Reggie would bleed out, and he needed medical attention. Allie thought about the Tribe, from way back when on Neverland. How far he’d come since then! With a series of new skills and miracles, Allie grew exponentially in his abilities as a healer. He could save Sir Reggie easily, but he needed someone to stop the current bombardment he was facing. He called to the team.

	“Hey, I could use a few hands over here!” he shouted. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sir Reggie stand up, sword in hand. “Sir Reggie, don’t! You need rest!”

	“No, Allie, if this is how I’m supposed to go, then I’ll go,” he said, “I promise to make it heroic.” The knight positioned his sword at the ready. He was going to charge through the barrier.

	“Sir Reggie, please! You can’t die here, Bouganvilla needs your help!”

	“Allie, it’s okay. I’ll be fine, just help the others. I’ll take care of this!” Sir Reggie rushed through the shield, despite Allie’s screams, and slashed at Anya. Her crossbow was cut in half, and she fell to the ground. She sported a massive cut across her midsection.

	“Ow!” she exclaimed. “And you broke my weapon!” Sir Reggie raised his sword to finish her off, but was immediately knocked backwards by another explosion. Black scorch marks covered his armor. His sword had shattered, and he was left on the ground, trying to pull himself up. The explosion hadn’t really burned him, but the sheer force of it certainly did something. Sir Reggie felt a sharp pain in his left leg. It was broken. He thought he could hear Allie shouting “NO, NO, NO!” over and over again, but the sound from Jerry’s bomb set his ears ringing. He clenched his leg, and shook his head to try and see through the smoke. Jerry was approaching, with a ball of green energy emerging in his hands. He was going to finish the job. Sir Reggie closed his eyes and took a deep breath, ready to accept his fate. But his fate never arrived, because while he heard the explosion, he felt nothing. He opened his eyes, to see Milo standing over him, casting a massive protection spell.

	“Do not worry, I am here for you, Sir Reginald Lovett Breckenridge Caulfield the Fourth!” the golem said in his strange monotone.

	“Ah, Milo, the great golem of Atlantis, you prove yourself once again!” Sir Reggie exclaimed. He had a great smile on his face, happy to see the golem hadn’t disappeared. Milo then waved his hands again, and Sir Reggie felt a great surge of energy. Milo had healed the stab wound on his shoulder, and given him some energy back. He stood up, and drew his lance.

	“Thank you, Milo, for healing me,” he said while addressing the golem. “Just stand back and don’t get too beaten up. The real fight is now.” With that, Milo have him a thumbs-up, and Sir Reggie charged forward, clashing with Anya’s sword again. Meanwhile, Jerry was infuriated. How could he hope to defeat the brave knight if the golem kept healing him? The dragon-born reached into his pocket and pulled out another bomb, and started in Milo’s direction.

Lara and Faewyn took turns, slashing with their swords and throwing punches at Galon. He had his shield back, and could mostly tank whatever the half-elf and vampire brought. He went for a shield bash, hitting Lara in the face and knocking her down. Faewyn took the opportunity presented by Galon’s outstretched arm, and slashed at it with her sword. The ex-paladin felt the stinging cold of the frost blade, and momentarily loosened his grip on the shield. Faewyn dove forward, grabbing it, and proceeded to swing her blade at Galon while bashing him with his own shield. When Lara stood up, she attacked him again, and stabbed him in his leg. Faewyn bashed him with the shield again and then threw it laterally to Lara, who caught it with her free hand and bashed him herself. Then the rogue threw it back to the vampire, and the cycle continued. Galon needed to get his shield back, and soon. Faewyn looked at Lara.

	“I think we’ve almost got him,” she said. “Just one thing though, can I drain him after we’re done?” she asked.

	“No, we need him alive to navigate the palace,” she said with a stern look.

	“Do we really, though? He’s a chad, and an asshole. Besides, we have Sir Reggie. He can get us through just as easily.”

	“Yes, but I’d rather not have more people die than necessary. I’d really like for none of us to die, but they seem persistent.”

	“Well, I ain’t stopping until he’s at least on the ground, so there’s that.”

	“Fine by me, as long as he’s not dead.”

	“No promises.” The two of them kept going, until Galon managed to trip Faewyn. She fell over, and Lara went to help her up. Galon kicked her in the midsection, the rogue grunting in pain. He stood over both of them, and let out a laugh. In that moment, Lara took Acrolla and stabbed Galon between the plates on his stomach. He gasped, and Lara saw the blade sticking out of the ex-paladin’s back. Galon clutched his torso, trying to remain standing up, and he dropped his sword. Faewyn caught it as it fell, and, along with her own, jumped up and slashed in an X across Galon’s neck. She watched in triumph as his decapitated head fell into the dirt. His armored body soon collapsed, Acrolla still sticking out of his abdomen. Faewyn pulled Acrolla out and handed it to Lara.

	“So uncivilized,” Lara said. She looked on as Faewyn drained what was left of Galon’s blood, a look which mixed slight disgust and amusement on her face.

Zion channeled all of his ki into his fists. He continued to punch and jab at Anaxir, but his brother was keeping pace. He really HAS gotten stronger, Zion thought. Anaxir ducked and dodged and blocked every move that came his way; he was determined to defeat his brother. Perhaps a little too determined. Zion caught Anaxir in the middle of a kick, grabbing his leg and flipping the drunken master onto his back. Zion leaped on top of him and hit him in the face.. Zion threw another punch, and another. The bruises were But while Zion was ready to throw another, Anaxir put up his hands. He caught his brother’s hand, stopping it in its tracks. It took all of Anaxir’s strength to hold the punch back. Then the white gems on his bracers began to glow, and the drunken master channeled the lightning into his hands. The shock hit Zion full force, but he pressed on despite excruciating pain. Both monks began to shout in agony.

Zion’s mind was filled with conflict. He was angry at his brother for every mistake he had made, and was unwilling to forgive him despite all the good Anaxir had done inside the book. He was the Grand Master, but he was still young, and the elder’s wanted him to punish his brother. But he just couldn’t. Anaxir had never really done anything wrong, and Zion knew that. He would let go, he would let his brother have what he wanted, the chance to prove that he was a good person and not just a burnout and a drunk. Zion finally relented, and the electricity erupted into an explosion that knocked him away. He stood up, and addressed his brother.

	“I’m done. I don’t want to fight you anymore. You’re my brother.” Anaxir couldn’t believe his ears. After all this time? No, he couldn’t be. Anaxir waited.

	“Are you saying you’re sorry?” he asked.

	“I cannot undo the past, but I can stop this,” Zion said. Anaxir waited again. Still nothing.

	“You know I didn’t do anything wrong!” he shouted. Zion shook his head.

	“Please, calm down, Anaxir. I don’t want to fight anymore.” Upon hearing the same response over and over again, the drunken master’s face contorted into anger. His brother was calling for a truce, not a confession. Anaxir rushed forward, kneeling over Zion. He looked at his brother’s face, and saw the face of his family, their parents, and memories of the times when they used to be close. Then all he saw was contempt, perhaps even hatred, from the man who allowed the elders of their monastery to lock him up, his own older brother. As he remembered the contempt and hatred he received, Anaxir began to feel contempt and hatred. He threw another punch. Then another, over and over again. Zion’s face was now visibly bruised.

	“You’re not my brother,” Anaxir said while hitting him over and over. “You’re my enemy. You cast me out and treated me like shit, even when I was doing good and helping innocent people. You and your principled elders didn’t care about anyone but yourselves.” Anaxir eventually relented, looking at the large bruise on Zion’s left cheek.

	“You’re right,” Zion said, finally. Anaxir raised his fist again, ready to strike. But then Zion spoke again. “I’m not your brother, and perhaps I never was. You have found your new family, one who truly cares about you. I didn’t. Anaxir hit him again. Zion coughed. He was beginning to lose consciousness. Anaxir raised his hand one final time.

“So finish your mission,” Zion continued. “Don’t let me stand in your way ever again. I’m sorry, Anaxir. I may not have been your brother, but I’ll be with you till the end of the line.” A wave of emotions rushed over Anaxir. He looked at his fist, then his helpless brother, then his fist again. He lowered his hand. What was he thinking? Could he actually do it? Kill Zion? Anaxir rolled over onto his back, catching his breath. He was conflicted, and wracked with guilt. He turned his head; Zion was still breathing.

Silena pulled an arrow out of her arm. Addie had successfully breached her defenses, hitting the halfling with an icy shot from her bow. She drew another, and fired. Silena ducked, and pulled the feather out of her hat. She unleashed the whip, and cast it until it wrapped around Addie’s ankles. She pulled, putting the hunter on her back. She then raised her hands, and a small orb of light appeared between her palms, but it was steadily growing. She was going to unleash a sound burst. Addie pulled on the lasso, trying to free herself, but it was no use. She then drew an arrow, and fired it in Silena’s direction. The arrow hit the halfling in the side, and she flinched, unleashing the sound burst too early. Addie covered her ears as the blast enveloped both of them. Her feet were freed from the lasso, but the force of the blast sent her flying. He ears were ringing. She looked to see Silena breaking the arrow that was stuck in her side, and tossing the piece in the dirt. The word mage then cast a healing spell on herself, and slowly approached the hunter. Addie could tell she was saying something, although what, she didn’t know. She reached for another arrow. As she drew, the ringing was beginning to disappear. Still, she heard no words. Just then, she felt someone grab her from behind. It was Alex.

As she picked up Addie, Alex continued chasing Tannis and Praetoris. They were getting farther ahead, but Alex was faster than Tannis, and could catch up quickly. The only reason she went back for Addie was because she needed backup. Addie was suspended in Alex’s claws, he arms free enough to shoot. As they approached their fleeing opponents, Addie drew and fired an arrow. It hit Praetoris in the back, and he cried out in agony. She fired again. It missed, but was too close to call. Praetoris looked backwards. So far, it was just Alex and Addie following him.

Jerry raised his hand, and threw the explosive at Milo. As it flew threw the air, the golem put his hands up to cast a spell.

	“Oh no,” he said. Just before a protective shield could emerge, the explosion hit the golem in the face, and he fell onto his back. He could hear Allie scream, and subsequently reached out with both hands.

	“I have been knocked over,” he said. “Allie, please help me up.” Allie ran over to his nine-foot companion. He looked at Milo, and then back at Jerry, who was ready with another explosion. Allie drew the Sword of D&D and charged at the dragon-born. He swung, hitting Jerry twice, and he watched as Jerry collapsed, with two large wounds from slashing and bludgeoning. He coughed, and put his hands in the air.

	“Alright, alright, that’ enough! Stop beating me up!” Jerry said as he clutched his wounds. “I didn’t ask for this, okay? I just wanted to blow up a couple of factories in Oz because they were destroying the environment.”

	“Well, Oz has clean sustainable energy now, and I don’t think being an eco-terrorist will get you very far in life, Jerry.”

	“Oh, you humans will never understand.”

	“Fine, but you stay down then, won’t you?” Allie then pulled out a rope and tied it around Jerry. “You’re not going anywhere now, got it?”

	“Ugh. Fine. You go help your stupid rock.”

	“He’s not a stupid rock, he’s got more magic and intelligence than you,” Allie snapped. Then he ran back over to Milo, putting his hands over his mouth in exasperation.

	“I’ll help you, I’ll help you,” he said in a panicked tone. “Don’t worry, I’m gonna make it all okay. Can you pull yourself up? Maybe just bend your arms back a wee bit?”

	“I cannot. My joints do not have that kind of articulation,” Milo said.

	“Well, they’re gonna have to eventually. What if there’s a time you fall down and can’t lift yourself? It’ll be a dastardly day.”

	“I still cannot stand up.”

	“Oh, alright, alright,” Allie said in frustration. He began casting a spell, which helped Milo stand again. “There, all better? Now come on, we’ve got to catch up.”

	“I cannot fly, and I am too heavy.”

	“Ugh. Okay, you stay here and let me know if he goes anywhere,” Allie said, pointing to Jerry tied up on the ground. “I’m going to help Alex.”

	“Okay. Good luck. I will watch the lizard man.”

	“I’M NOT A LIZAR--Oh, nevermind,” Jerry said with a tone of defeat.

	“You, don’t go anywhere,” Allie said, addressing Jerry. Then he waved his arms, and summoned another giant celestial eagle. The eagle swooped down, and he jumped on.

Lara and Faewyn gazed over Galon’s dead body. Faewyn exhaled, relieved that her nemesis and rival was finally done for. She hated that chad. She went over to his hand, and pulled off the glove, putting it on her own hand.

	“I think this still has one blast left on it,” she said with a smirk. “I’m sure I’ll use it at some point.”

	“Yeah, but first we need to catch Tannis,” Lara said. “I’ll stay here and hold the base. You’ve got the wings. Go and get em.”

	“Trust me, I got this,” Faewyn said. She spread her vampire wings and leapt into the sky.

Somewhere nearby, Sir Reggie and Anya were still engaged in combat. Sir Reggie had switched back to his lance, holding it in one hand, and brandishing his shield of Valor in the other. He let out a shout to activate it, and was immediately healed for some of the damage he’d taken. He jabbed with his lance, and it caught on one of Anya’s gumdrop buttons. She tried to pull it out, but Sir Reggie simply took a firm grip and pulled the handle upwards and down, forcing Anya to the ground. She was pinned, unable to compete with Sir Reggie’s superior strength. He was panting, resting against the handle of his lance.

	“By gosh, you’re a tough cookie,” he said with a smirk.

	“Really, THAT pun?” she asked incredulously. “You have no idea how many times I’ve heard it.”

	“Sorry, I make them all the time.”

	“Oh, you’re unbelievable.”

Sir Reggie looked to see Lara and Anaxir approaching, the latter had Zion leaning against his shoulder for support. Lara seemed to have taken a marginal number of injuries, but both monk brothers had bruises, marks, and contusions all over. Sir Reggie raised his eyebrows.

	“My gosh, are you all right?” he asked.

	“I’m fine,” Lara said. “A minor amount of cuts and bruises, but I’ll pull through. As for them, they’re going to need medical attention.”

	“You mean Anaxir needs medical attention,” Sir Reggie said cautiously. Then he pointed to Zion. “I thought he was with them.”

	“Yeah, well, Anaxir beat him fair and square. You shouldn’t expect any further trouble from him. He’s still undecided if he wants to help us or go home. I told him he could do either.”

	“Fine by me. Where’s everyone else?”

	“Well, you and I are here. I’ll watch Anya. I think Jerry’s tied up somewhere over there. You go keep an eye on him.”

	“But my lance is still stuck in cookie lady here.”

	“Don’t call me that!” Anya yelled.

	“You don’t get a vote!” Lara snapped at her. She turned her attention back to Sir Reggie. “Fine. I’ll go watch Jerry, and I think Milo’s the only one watching him right now.”

	“That must mean that Allie took off after the others,” Sir Reggie said, looking at the sky.

	“Yes, and so did Faewyn. I told her to.”

	“The more people in the air, the better.” Just then, Lara was about to say something else, and she and Sir Reggie were hit by a sonic wave. Both were thrown backwards. Anaxir looked up to see Silena.

	“This fight isn’t over,” she said. “Praetoris and Tannis are still going to be long gone by now. Your friend will just have to settle for not murdering someone.”

	“Silena, no,” Zion said weakly. “Just… stand down.”

	“Zion, you’re injured. You’ve sustained multiple hits to the head. You’re not thinking straight. Just let me handle this quickly.”

	“Silena… please understand… if you do this now, it would mean certain death.”

”You can’t be serious. You’ve changed sides.”

“No, I’m only on the side of my family, my brother. I was wrong, and he was right. And if that means protecting my brother, as well as some old friends,” he said, throwing a quick glance at Lara, “then that’s what I’ll do.”

Silena sighed. She didn’t know what to say. She didn’t want to surrender, but that was the point of Plan Showstopper. Her odds weren’t great, either. It would be a three-on-one fight, and a word mage like her couldn’t sustain herself against  multiple melee fighters. Her allies couldn’t help her. Galon was dead, Anya was pinned to the ground, Jerry was tied up, Zion was pacified and in no condition to fight, and Tannis and Praetoris had made a run for it. She lowered her hands, and put them over he head, kneeling.

	“Fine. I’m done,” she said. Lara rushed over to tie her up.

	“You stay. I’m going to grab Jerry and Milo,” the rogue said.

In the sky, Alex was looking at Praetoris. She was getting close. It was only a matter of time before Addie could snag the amulet. Addie reached out with her hand. Just a few more meters. 

Praetoris looked backwards. He drew his sword, and readied himself to strike should Addie get too close. Then he saw Faewyn, flying slightly behind Alex. The Vampire had her wings spread, holding her frost blade in her hand. Great, the vampire’s here too.

Alex looked at Faewyn, then at Addie, and nodded to both of them. Addie waved at Faewyn, and she winked back. Addie could feel herself blushing again. Then all of them heard a familiar voice. It was Allie, on another giant celestial eagle.

	“Hey! I love this staring contest you got here, but we got a mission to fulfill.” The cleric pointed at Tannis and Praetoris.

	“Alright, alright, don’t worry,” Alex said. “Allie, we gotta disrupt his flight pattern. Just throw a jet of magic his way, just enough to jostle him and slow him down so either Addie or myself can grab the amulet.”

	“I got it. Just a little more, to the right now.” Allie was concentrating hard. But Praetoris must have heard what Alex said, because Tannis was now moving rapidly and swerving, trying to keep Allie from taking aim. Allie was getting frustrated. Praetoris just wouldn’t stay still. Eventually, Alex and Faewyn moved on opposite sides of Praetoris, although they were still slightly behind him. Allie had a clear shot, straight ahead. He then locked onto Praetoris and Tannis, so he didn’t risk hitting anyone else. He let the blast loose from his hands.

Thirty-six hours later, Allie was sitting in the grass at the base. He was petting Percy, gently running his fingers through the corgi’s fur. He looked into the sky. Just then, a figure approached him. It was Zion. Allie stood up to look at him. He had never met Anaxir’s brother personally, but the description was accurate, even from a drunk man. Zion’s hair had greyed very early. He looked tired, and there were several violet bruises on his left cheek. His arm was in a sling. Allie spoke first, with clear emotional difficulty.

	“I’m sorry about your companion. Lara and Faewyn; they have a harsh sense of justice.”

	“I didn’t know him, but Praetoris did,” Zion said. “I don’t blame you. This entire thing got out of hand, partially because Galon couldn’t keep his mouth shut. I know he didn’t deserve to go like that, but it happened. I guess he was so bent on fulfilling his agenda against Faewyn that he didn’t think she wanted to kill him too.”

	“Well, we can’t change what happened,” Allie said solemnly. “None of us can. Especially not me.” The cleric was holding back tears. “I feel so guilty. How is she?”

	“I don’t know,” Zion said. “You’d have to ask your friends about that.”

	“Where is everyone else?”

	“Sir Reginald is keeping Anya and Jerry detained. Galon was given a soldier’s funeral and his body was cremated in the crematorium on the other side of the compound. Anaxir is sitting in the main mess hall, alone with a drink in his hand, trying to process everything.”

	“You don’t want to go to him?” Allie asked.

	“Anaxir dropped me off in the hospital wing of the base. When I spoke to him later, he said he needed time. I didn’t want to just leave him, so Silena said she’d keep watch.”

	“Silena’s not in a cell?”

	“She surrendered when I asked her to, and I told Lara and Alex to just let her be. Lara then said that if she did anything, then I would be held personally responsible.”

	“Sounds like it’s all under control,” Allie said.

	“For now, we’ve reestablished a truce. Anya and Jerry will be let back out eventually, once everything calms down. As for me, I’m just resting.”

	“What about Praetoris and Tannis?” Allie asked.

Zion sighed. “Again, you’d have to ask your friends about that. I don’t know if they have a plan to deal with them or not. The problem is, Lara and Praetoris were kind of in charge of this whole “destroy the Empress” coalition, which I personally think is quite a brave and noble thing to be doing, by the way. I’m glad to see Anaxir doing some good, like he always did.”

	“I guess I’ll just have to wait then.”

	“Lara said she’ll tell you when she hears more.”

	“In the meantime, I think we should look for the others.”
	“Lara said she’ll figure something out, Allie. Don’t do anything rash.”

	“No. I have to make this right. I’m going to find Praetoris and Tannis and bring them back. You’re free to join me.” Allie stood up, and summoned a hippogriff. He jumped on, and flew into the sky.

	“Great. Now I gotta tell Lara this,” Zion said aloud to himself.

Meanwhile, Alex and Lara were standing on a balcony in the primary watchtower of the base, situated just above the main mess hall. They were looking out at the massive fields, and could see the Empress’ tower from across the way. At first, they said nothing. Then Alex looked at Lara. She had her eyes closed, and was taking in the spring air.

	“What did they say?” she asked, eyes still shut.

	“Well,” Alex began, “the Olympian doctors say there are multiple fractures up and down her left arm and her back, including lacerations to the spinal cord. They think she’ll pull through, without any permanent damage, but they’re calling her case a miracle. She won’t be paralyzed or anything, but Artemis made sure to see her escorted personally back to Olympus for the best treatments they have. Faewyn went with her.” Alex looked at Lara, waiting for her to say something.

	“I don’t know where Praetoris is, Alex,” Lara said. “I just don’t. If I could fly, I would find them right now and turn them around.”

	“You mean if they were still in the book,” Alex said with a slight irritation.

	“Alex-”

	“Don’t, Lara. We let them go. They got away with the amulet.”

	“And you let Addie go. You had a score to settle with Praetoris, and you didn’t see what you REALLY should have been focused on.”

	“It’s not my fault! Allie missed his shot, and that was an error in judgement on his part to lock the targets without realizing the spell would change trajectory.”

	“That’s true, and he’s going to have to come to terms with that responsibility. You need to do the same. You should never have brought her up there to begin with, Alex. We all played this wrong. It’s the fault of everyone.”

	“Wrong?! God, Lara, you can’t just drop the morally ambiguous rogue thing for once? How often are you gonna switch sides?” Lara gave her a nasty look.

	“Jeez Alex, could you let go of your ego for one goddamn second? I haven’t switched sides, mind you. Switching sides would mean killing you and running to join the Empress. I’m still here, because I need to keep the team together. And this isn’t helping, with everyone distracted by their own personal issues. Normally I would be too, but this is war, Alex. We either win or we die. There’s no room for error, or shitty judgement.”

Alex sighed. There was no arguing with that, but it still wasn’t her fault. Faewyn still blamed her, though. She thought back to what happened:

Allie had fired a spell, a small one to catch Praetoris off-guard. But locking on his target was a mistake. Praetoris and Tannis swerved in front of Alex just after Allie fired. The spell followed Praetoris, but Alex was now in the path. It hit Alex in the back, and she faltered a bit, but quickly regained control. She kept going, flying faster, getting closer and closer to Praetoris. That amulet was hers for sure. When in range, she told Addie to grab it from Praetoris. But Addie said nothing. Alex looked down. She had been so focused on Praetoris that she had forgotten about Addie. The hunter had slipped from Alex’s loosened grip when Allie’s spell collided.

Alex swooped around in a panic, forgetting everything about her adversary, and saw the form of the hunter in free-fall. Faewyn had seen the entire thing happen, and immediately dove after Addie. Allie was heading in that same direction on the back of the eagle. All three were approaching quickly, but none of them would reach in time. Alex cast mage armor in Addie’s direction, trying to shield her as much as possible. Allie was rapidly casting a “slow-fall” spell, which managed to slow Addie down some, but the height was still tremendous. Allie was struggling to put a protective shield around the hunter, and made one just large enough to surround her. Still, Addie hit the ground, mage armor, shield, slow-fall and all. The shield created a massive crater in the dirt as the hunter’s body made its impact. Faewyn landed first, and ran up to Addie. A small streak of blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. She appeared unconscious. Allie landed and jumped off the eagle. He ran over, and made an emergency inspection.

	“She’s still breathing,” he said. “Miraculously.” Allie looked over and saw Alex, who had retracted her wings and claws. The dragon disciple couldn’t believe her eyes. She was afraid of the worst. She wanted to say something, but all she could find the words for was the phrase,

	“I’m sorry.” When Alex said this, Faewyn gave her a nasty look, and raised Galon’s glove. She let the final burst of energy out, hitting Alex in the chest, knocking her over.

Now back at the base, Alex had come to realize what mistake she made. It was such a stupid one too, chasing after Praetoris and forgetting that Addie was depending on her. Still, Allie was wracked with guilt for shooting in the first place, and Alex believed he should have waited, or not locked on. But now she blamed Praetoris for everything. She wanted to make her point to Lara.

	“You know, none of this would have happened had Praetoris not dropped a chandelier on Addie’s father, or Galon hadn’t said anything.”

	“Well guess what, one of those is dead and the other one is MIA. And don’t bring up the bullshit about killing her father. Family is important, and we know as much as anyone. But we forgot we had a sanctioned mission, too. The other party was dying just as much as we were, Alex, you can’t pass so much judgement on them. They had a duty to survive, just as we did. They made sacrifices so this world could be free for people like Addie. But all of us, on both sides, we were so focused on protecting Addie that we lost sight of the mission. We were all to blame, and as much as I hate to say it, Addie included. All of us need to stop with the personal agendas and get our shit done, because if we don’t stop, Addie’s gonna be our best-case scenario when the Empress rolls over us.”

Alex took a deep breath. “You insist all you want. But this isn’t my fault.” She turned away, leaving Lara on the balcony.

In the palace, the Empress gazed across the field. Her enemies were out there, for sure. She knew there were many of them. She couldn’t kill them all, not on her own, at least. But that wouldn’t matter. They seemed, for the moment, to be content to keep killing each other. Little did she know that Allie would find Praetoris and Tannis and convince them to turn around. Little did she know that as soon as Addie healed, that the teams would reconcile differences. They weren’t perfect for sure, but they all had one thing in common: the Empress had to go. Because if these heroes couldn’t protect the Storybook, then the Empress could be goddamn sure they’d avenge it.

THE END
