The sun was in the sky, and the clouds were relatively scattered. The Empress took a deep breath through her nostrils, smelling the freshness of the garden. She placed her hands on the windowsill, looking outwards into the peaceful afternoon. At least for her, it was peaceful. For her enemies, it was anything but.
 
The military base was playing host to its most destructive conflict since the day of the coup against Bouganvilla. The two teams of adventurers smashed into each other, like armies of gods enacting their wraths. For Lara, everything was a blur. The rogue struck out with her sword, clashing and clanging with blade after blade. She, like everyone around her, was locked into a match with an equivalent or near-equivalent opponent. For her, it was Anya, a fellow rogue. The gingerbread woman had a longsword. Lara ducked to avoid a swipe over her head, and then went for an overhead strike with Acrolla. Anya blocked by holding her blade horizontally. She immediately countered, pushing back on Acrolla with all her strength. Lara began backing up slowly to keep the pressure off; Acrolla was strong, but the blade was still much thinner than her opponent’s. Anya was so focused on driving Lara back that she didn’t notice when Lara delivered a sharp kick to her torso. Lara was surprised that the gingerbread woman didn’t break on impact, but instead she flew backwards about ten feet. Lara pressed the offensive.
 
Faewyn tackled Galon immediately, pushing the ex-paladin to the ground. His shield flew out of his hand and was in the dirt just a few feet away. Faewyn began hitting him in the face, and he put his arms up to keep her from striking too hard. She grabbed his wrists and pinned them. Galon saw nothing but pure rage in her eyes. Faewyn opened her mouth and bared her fangs. She was going for his neck, and he had no way out. Galon was sure that she’d at least drain half, if not all, of his energy. He looked over and saw Silena engaged in combat against Alex. Silena gave him a quick glance, saw he was in trouble, and shot a blast of energy in his direction. Galon knew what to do. He opened his hand, and absorbed the beam of light using his glove. He turned back to Faewyn.

	“Not today,” he said. She was about to bite him, but his words threw her off for a second. The vampire gave him a look of bewilderment. With that, Galon flicked his wrist and let the energy blast loose from the glove, hitting Faewyn in the face. She flipped onto her back, and put her hand over her cheek. There wasn’t any permanent damage, but her face felt a little warm. When her vision cleared, Galon was standing over her with his shield and sword ready. She made a kick to his right shin, forcing him to collapse to a kneeling position. By the time he stood up, Faewyn had drawn her own blade. The two nemesis immediately re-engaged with newfound ferocity as their blades hit and clashed.

Silena was shooting jets of energy at Alex, who began casting illusionary shields to tank the hits. Eventually, the dragon disciple miscalculated the trajectory, and Silena hit her square in the chest. Alex went backwards, but rolled into a somersault and was back on her feet in seconds. She went on the offense, throwing illusionary knives left and right. Silena said something, and a transparent bubble appeared around her. The knives hit the magical shield and simply dissolved. Alex took a step forward and winced. The hit from the energy blast still hurt. She looked down. Her chain shirt had a scorch mark, but it was intact. Alex took Aelia and aimed. She wasn’t sure if her sword could break Silena’s shield, but she was about to find out. Aelia ignited, and Alex charged. Silena saw her coming and braced for impact. The fiery blade struck hard over and over again, but she held on. Alex had to tire out eventually, right?


When Addie and Praetoris reached one another, Praetoris made a quick strike at Addie’s left arm. She swerved to the side, and the excalibur barely missed. She brought her strength in a double-sword attack from the right. Praetoris put up his excalibur and blocked it with a strong two-handed grip. He then changed to single-handed, and slashed up and across, trying to hit Addie’s neck. Addie bent herself backwards to avoid decapitation. She began a string of attacks, one blade after the other, alternating left and right. Praetoris locked his body into a closed posture, taking a two-handed grip again. He played a staunch but minimalist defense, swerving the excalibur up, down, left, right, or whatever was needed to keep the hunter’s swords at bay. The rogue had done this before in difficult fights to let his opponents tire themselves out. Jedi and other Force-wielders did this; they typically called it Form III, or Soresu. Praetoris believed Addie would make a mistake eventually so he could strike back. Addie struck again with both swords, locking blades with the excalibur, looking at him with pure resentment. Praetoris tried reasoning with her.

	“I’m sorry about your father,” he said. “But I’m not guilty, I don’t regret protecting my friends.”

	“Then why did you run?” she asked. “Only a guilty man runs.” Addie kicked Praetoris in the leg, making the rogue temporarily lose his balance, weakening his grip on the excalibur. She batted against the blade with both of her swords, and it fell from his grip. It clattered on the ground about ten feet away. At first, Praetoris thought he was done for, but Addie raised her blades for an overhead strike. She brought them down hard, but Praetoris reached out with both hands and grabbed her wrists. He squeezed her left one, and the hunter lost her grip on the sword. As it fell, Praetoris let go of her empty hand and caught the sword mid-air, taking two quick slashes. The first struck Addie’s left leg, just above the knee. She had stepped back as he did it, so the cut didn’t go too deep, but it bled. The second struck went back up to Addie’s cheek, the injury again being very minor. Addie took a couple steps back to regain control. While she did this, Praetoris used the Force to call his excalibur back to him. He pointed both swords at his Olympian opponent.

	“Adrasteia, don’t make me do this. I’ve already lost enough.”

	“Then you know how I feel,” she said gravely. She took a two-handed grip on her remaining longsword and charged.

Allie ducked his head to avoid Tannis’ opening strike. He made a heavy strike with the warhammer, but the Druid jumped backwards. The head hit the dirt with a heavy boom, creating a shallow circular pit in the earth. Allie raised the hammer again, swinging back and forth, twirling around to gain momentum. Tannis did what he could to deflect and parry the hammer, but he knew trying to stop it head-on might bend or break his sword. Eventually Allie held the hammer out in a jabbing position, and hit Tannis in an exposed spot on his abdomen. The Druid couldn’t block it, so he tanked the hit. The force made him slide a few feet back, but Tannis stood his ground as Allie began summoning a monster. Seconds later, a celestial giant eagle appeared from the sky, and swooped down. It began clawing and biting at Tannis, who tried to block his strikes with his sword. The Druid then transformed himself into a hippogriff. There were then two great winged beasts, clawing, biting, and slashing at each other. Allie joined in by shooting damaging spells at Tannis’ chest. The Druid realized he was outmatched. He spread his wings, taking flight. Allie jumped on the eagles’ back to follow him.

As Anaxir threw the first punch, Zion did a sidestep and grabbed his brother’s right arm. He turned around and flipped Anaxir over his shoulder. The drunken master landed hard on his back, the look of pain and frustration on his face. He immediately put his hands next to his head, using them to pull himself into a handstand while kicking backwards. Anaxir hit Zion in the face with both of his feet, causing the Grand Master to flinch. Now the drunk monk was back on his feet, and he whirled around, throwing a quick punch. Zion put his hand up to catch Anaxir’s fist, and responded by throwing a series of punches with his free hand. He hit his brother twice in the stomach. Anaxir grimaced. His brother had gotten much stronger since their last bout of fighting. Anaxir had gotten stronger too, but it had been so long. He wasn’t sure how much their skill levels compared, especially since Zion now held the title of Grand Master. If Anaxir couldn’t take Zion then, how could he expect to do so now? The older monk did an uppercut to his jaw, and the drunk man flew upwards into an arc, landing twenty feet away. Anaxir groaned as he rolled off his back, clutching the bottom of his jaw. He tasted blood, and spat onto the ground. Specks of red covered the nearby grass. Anaxir turned his head back into his brother’s direction.

Zion was occupied. He was busy running, dodging, and sliding around arrows, hexes, and spells. He was running towards Lara and Anya. Lara thought she heard a footsteps approaching, but she couldn’t react before being knocked aside with a powerful jump kick. By the time she noticed what was happening, Anya was gone. There was Zion, with his quarterstaff drawn, poised to strike.

	“Larawyn, I see you’ve met my brother,” he said.

	“Yeah, and I think I like him more than you,” she said angrily. “He needed you, and you cast him out. Guess you weren’t going to tell me all that when I met you.” Lara charged in with Acrolla, and the silver-haired monk twirled the staff to stop her blade’s momentum. He jabbed at her head with the reverse end. The rogue tilted her neck to dodge, and slashed at Zion again. She struck him across the cheek. He whipped his head to the side and back again. He was unfazed, eyes narrowing in what appeared to be an expression of disappointment. Lara felt uneasy. The cut didn’t seem to hurt him, even as a drop of blood fell onto his shoulder. Zion swung the quarterstaff at Lara’s feet. She fell onto her back, and swiped at Zion’s ankles. He blocked the strike, and kicked her in the stomach. Lara flinched, taking a moment to clutch her stomach. She watched as Zion ran off into another fight.

Meanwhile, Anya noticed Sir Reggie, who was bravely wielding his lance against Jerry. The knight was gaining the upper hand, twirling the blade while the dragon-born did what he could to hold him back using a short sword. Then Jerry let out a scream, and for a moment, Sir Reggie and all his companions felt the fight leave them. The drive and the passion to continue battling simply disappeared. Sir Reggie saw Addie losing a bladelock with Praetoris. Alex’s strokes against Silena’s shield were getting clumsier and slower. Faewyn couldn’t keep up with Galon. Lara was taking hits from Zion’s quarterstaff. Sir Reggie turned back to Jerry with a look of defiance and swung the lance again. Jerry ducked and shot a spell from his hands, hitting the knight, enveloping his body completely. Sir Reggie was immobile for a second. The dragon-born was trying to destroy his will! As a member of the old guard, Sir Reggie would not stand for this. He let out a shout himself, bolstering his own morale. His entire team heard it, and they took began to pick up the pace in their offensive. Through sheer will, the knight broke himself of Jerry’s spell and swung the lance, putting the eco-terrorist back on the defense.

	“You can’t defeat the will of Sir Reginald Lovett Breckenridge Caulfield the Fourth!” he shouted indignantly. “I will stand and protect my friends, whatever that takes! Not even a terrorist fiend such as yourself will be able to match that!”

	“Hey, look, I’m not a terrorist,” Jerry countered, “I just think some people are terrible to the planet, and that includes you.” Jerry swung at Sir Reggie’s torso, but the short sword bounced off his incredibly tough armor. When Jerry saw his strategy failed, he began a tactical retreat. Sir Reggie was tempted to chase him down, but then Anya stepped in the way. She had her sword drawn, poised to strike. Sir Reggie readied his lance. He swung, but the gingerbread woman ducked and ran underneath the outstretched weapon. She began slashing at Sir Reggie’s armor, making small dents and scratches. The knight tanked the assault. He was moving backwards to let Anya herd him around. His hope was that she would exhaust herself. Being a rogue, though, that wasn’t Anya’s MO. She watched his defensive patterns carefully, finally seeing an opening between the plates on his left shoulder. She reached her arm around and stabbed into it. Sir Reggie cried out in pain, batting Anya aside with one arm. As she fell, the sword was also removed from Sir Reggie’s shoulder. He clutched his wound, feeling the blood beginning to trickle from the deep cut. He needed help soon.

Unfortunately, Allie was occupied. Tannis was still flying around as a hippogriff, with the cleric in hot pursuit on the back of the celestial giant eagle. Allie continued to send damaging spells, magical projectiles flying past the Druid as he swerved to dodge them.

	“This is getting really frustrating,” Allie said to himself. He looked around at the fighting below, and noticed Alex had drawn her staff.

	“Hit her with the fireball!” he shouted. Alex looked up, somewhat annoyed.

	“What did you think I was going to do, you idiot?” she asked. As Allie flew on after Tannis, Alex pointed her staff at Silena’s shield. The halfling hadn’t made any offensive moves, other than occasionally shooting a jet of energy upwards from inside the bubble to keep Allie away from her teammate in the sky. But Alex wasn’t having it. A massive red-orange orb of energy erupted from the end of the staff, flying through the air at great velocity. It hit the magical shield head-on, breaking Silena’s concentration. The shield disappeared, and Silena rolled backwards to avoid being turned to ashes. The fireball didn’t stop there, though.

Meanwhile, Addie and Praetoris were dueling harder than they ever had before. Fighting with one sword wasn’t Addie’s preferred method of combat, but she could never get enough distance to sheath her weapon and draw the bow. Praetoris kept hounding her, wielding her stolen sword alongside his own. He had successfully wounded her with the excalibur, and because of the blade’s magical properties, the wound would continue damaging her until she was dead. Time was of the essence, and each small wound she took, the less energy she had to protect herself from the next one.

Praetoris knew Addie was trying to kill him. He could kill her too, but it would mean the other party would attack him. With the way they usually conducted themselves, Praetoris figured the self-defense card wouldn’t play well. It was quite a predicament for the rogue. The only way that this fight ended was if Addie stopped attacking him. He decided to let the excalibur do its thing, and then have her arrested and healed before she died.

But it wasn’t all over for the hunter, not today at least. In that moment, Alex’s fireball came barreling down, and Addie sensed the heat from meters away. She jumped to the side, landing on the ground while looking back at her opponent. For Praetoris, the move on Addie’s part was unexpected, but he immediately saw why. She had left him standing face to face with Alex’s fireball as it approached him with rapid speed.

	“Oh, come on!” he shouted angrily. The fireball exploded. Praetoris put his hands up, using the Force to mitigate the damage. Nevertheless, it still knocked him over, even if he wasn’t completely roasted. He stood up, inspecting the scorch marks on his armor and clothing.

“All right, now I’m pissed,” he said.

Alex swung the staff again, a massive fire wall erupting in a circle around Silena. The word mage was trapped, as twenty-foot high orange flames crackled and obscured her view. Alex spoke to her from the other side.

	“Hey, look, I can’t really let you go anywhere right now, because I gotta help my friends.” The dragon disciple ran over to where Praetoris and Addie were.

As the smoke cleared, Praetoris looked around to find Alex, standing in an attack position with the blade of Aelia pointed towards him.

“You’re going down, Alex, just for that,” said the rogue.

“What was that, Praetoris?” she asked sarcastically. “You said you wanted to get roasted again? Okay!” Alex unleashed a fire ray, and Praetoris put his hand up. Using the force, he was holding the fire back, but neither combatant would be able to hold for long.

Faewyn struck Galon on his calf, the frost damage stinging his leg. She then placed her hand on the ex-paladin’s forehead. Galon felt dizzy. He couldn’t stand up straight, and while he continued to block or deflect Faewyn’s attacks, everything was a blur. He couldn’t keep up with her. She kicked the shield to the side, letting it clatter on the ground. The vampire grabbed her nemesis’ wrist, twisting it until he dropped the sword. She then kicked him in the chest until he was on his back. Originally, her plan was to drain him, but she thought he would be more useful to control. Faewyn pointed a single hand in Galon’s direction. Two strands of dark energy erupted from her forearm, entrapping the vulnerable ex-paladin’s torso and neck. He was lifted back to his feet, almost in a trancelike manner, his eyes glowing red. For a moment, he seemed to be levitating. Faewyn lowered her hand, and the strands disappeared. But Galon was still standing, with red glowing eyes, ready to act. Faewyn motioned in Silena’s direction, the halfling still trapped in the ring of fire.

Silena could barely see Galon approaching through the flames. Beyond that, nothing. But Galon had his sword raised in an attack position. Why is he attacking me? Perhaps he changed sides. Or maybe, even worse, someone was controlling him. Either way, she had to escape Alex’s trap. Silena looked up to see Tannis in the air, desperately trying to shake his pursuers. She reached upwards, holding the feather that Praetoris had given her, and activated the whip.

	“Tannis! Fly over here, quick!” she shouted. Tannis swooped around and lowered the altitude, approaching the ring of fire quickly. Silena launched the whip and it wrapped around Tannis’ ankle. He took off higher again. Silena was lifted off the ground and out of the ring. She used the momentum from the takeoff to swing herself around, onto Tannis’ back. She loosened the whip and it turned back into a feather. She put it her hat. Looking down, Silena saw Galon, stamping his foot in anger. For a moment, she smiled in relief, but noticed Allie and his eagle still on their tail. The cleric was shooting at them.

Anaxir helped Lara to her feet. He handed her Acrolla.

	“Sorry about my brother,” he said. “He beat the crap out of me too.” Lara took a deep breath and exhaled.

	“You’re whole family punches too hard,” she said. “Remind me never to fight you. Or rather, remind yourself to not fight me, because I’m gonna remember this, and I might kill you.”

	“That’s very fair,” the drunken master said. As he spoke, Lara analyzed at the battlefield.

“You got any ideas?” she asked.

	“What do YOU think?” he slurred. Lara smirked.

	“I’ll take that as a hard no,” she said. “But we need to draw out those spellcasters, Silena and Jerry. They’re going to cause long-term problems, especially since one of them is in the air. Alex is busy with Praetoris, and Allie’s already in the sky. How about this: I’ll take Jerry, and we’ll let Allie handle Silena, but you have to be ready for when they drop. Okay? Go.” Lara chased after Jerry, who had run over to grab his armonica.

	“Wait, what?” Anaxir asked. He only heard maybe half of what Lara said. She had said something about Jerry, but what? The drunk thought he might as well go after Jerry if it would help. Unfortunately, the dragon-born was far down the field.

“I guess it’s time to run,” Anaxir said to himself.

Alex strained. She couldn’t hold the fire ray any longer, but neither could Praetoris hold tutaminis. Their energy gave out, both combatants knocked back by a wave of energy. Praetoris dropped the sword he stole from Addie, and when he regained his senses, Alex tackled him before he could grab it. As she kneeled over him, she slammed the fiery blade against his excalibur multiple times, ending in a gritty bladelock. The dragon disciple’s right hand became a claw, and she reached for the rogue’s throat. Praetoris channeled the Force into his hand, grabbing the claw before Alex could rip his throat out. He held her back, but was losing energy, and fast. Praetoris could compete with Alex’s strength, but not her will. Alex’s claw reached closer and closer. It was only a matter of time.

Sir Reggie was still clashing blades with Anya, but his energy was wearing down. He pushed her back, and watched as Gibbis poised himself next to the rogue, protecting her. Just then, he heard a familiar growl. It was Anatolius. The two animals had clearly been duking it out for most of this time, but Gibbis was losing. At this point, the direrat was just protecting his team. Sir Reggie understood that, but he couldn’t just let Anya get away. Anatolius had no restraint though. He went head-on, tackling Gibbis and clawing and biting at him. Anya noticed Sir Reggie was distracted, and delivered a sharp kick to his gonads. He looked at the gingerbread woman with a bewildered grin.

	“What? You thought that wasn’t protected?” he asked rhetorically. Anya charged, but Sir Reggie put out his leg and stepped to the side. He flipped her over, and put her in a headlock.

Faewyn had ordered Galon to chase after Jerry, and soon after, Lara was also on his heels. They caught up fairly quickly, and Lara saw the ex-paladin running alongside her. She went to stab him, but he parried the attack with his sword. She heard Faewyn call out.

	“Don’t kill my puppet until he gets Jerry!”

	“Oh, okay! Sorry!” Lara said back. She forgot Faewyn could use Dominate. She took a step back, ready to block Jerry’s escape routes in case the zombie-chad couldn’t stop him. Galon, still in the trance, went after Jerry. He swung the sword, and Jerry ducked. Even if Galon had greater skill in combat, Jerry was still taller. He grabbed Galon’s arm to stop his attack, and stabbed him in the side with a small dagger. Galon winced in pain and collapsed, giving Jerry just enough to time to snag his armonica. Lara saw what he was doing, and she charged.
Jerry began playing his instrument. It seemed a little odd to play music in the middle of combat, but he had a plan. He let the notes flow, the sound hit his opponents’ ears almost immediately. Galon felt strange, as if he was waking up from a bad dream. He was back in his own mind. He looked at the dagger in his side, and knew better than to remove it.

Lara realized that Jerry must be reversing the effects of Dominate. She attacked the dragon-born, kicking his armonica over. It shattered, and Jerry looked at her with contempt.

	“You destroyed my art! My beautiful art! Now I want to sleep forever.”

	“That can be arranged,” Lara said. She went for a stab, but Jerry bull-rushed the rogue, knocking her down. He ran past her, motioning to the now-freed Galon.

	“Kill her,” he said.

	“She only broke your instrument, even I’m not that--”

	“I. DON’T. CARE. KILL HER!” Jerry shouted. He was beyond furious.

	“Okay, okay, jeez,” Galon said. He raised his sword and approached the disoriented Lara. Jerry continued running, furiously casting offensive spells and throwing disposable items. Being an eco-terrorist, many of them were explosions. He threw an explosive in Anaxir’s direction, who was wildly running and jumping to avoid the fire erupting around him. Explosion after explosion, Jerry slowed Anaxir down, but he couldn’t stop him. As the monk got closer, he tackled his adversary. Anaxir had Jerry down, and began rapidly punching him in the face. Anaxir eventually relented, leaving the eco-terrorist with several bruises.

	“Okay, okay, I got it, stop!” Jerry shouted, wildly waving his arms. Anaxir looked at the dragon-born, almost pitying him for his twisted view of humanity. He stood up, and left Jerry to nurse his own wounds.

After dodging the fireball, Addie had watched as Alex and Praetoris engaged in an intense match of pure will. She sheathed the sword and drew her bow. Thanks, Alex, for giving me the time to change my weapon, she thought. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw someone approaching. She instinctively drew and fired an arrow in their direction. Zion swerved to dodge it. She shot again. Another dodge. She shot a third time, and Zion did a front flip over it. While he was airborne, Addie anticipated where he would land, and fired two arrows. Zion landed in front of them just as she predicted. She had him for sure. Instead, the monk crossed his arms in front of him, catching both arrows mid-flight. In milliseconds, the Grand Master channeled his ki into his palms, causing the arrows to erupt and explode into clouds of smoke. Addie was surprised, but not shocked. Based on Anaxir’s description, this had to be Zion. She watched as he shook the ashes from the arrows off of his hands and waved the smoke away.

	“I don’t believe we’ve formally met,” she said. She put the bow away and drew her sword again. “You already know my name. I’m Adrasteia.”

	“I don’t care,” Zion said. The silver-haired monk dashed forward, quarterstaff drawn. Addie swung the sword, and he blocked. She continued to attack, and for the most part, Zion kept pace fairly easily. At one point, she went for another overhead strike. Zion twirled the quarterstaff into a horizontal position, and shoved it underneath Addie’s chin. She was momentarily stunned, and lost her grip on her sword. Zion went to jab her in the stomach, but this time Addie was ready. She grabbed the quarterstaff with both hands and whirled around, pulling it over and around the front of Zion’s neck. He was locked in.

Allie fired another spell, knocking into Tannis. He managed to shrug it off, and kept flying as Silena was shooting backwards. Allie dodged her attacks until one hit him in the left shoulder. He felt the searing pain, clutching his arm. He looked at the celestial giant eagle. It would disappear soon, and he needed to get Tannis out of the sky, and fast. When Allie looked to his right, he saw Faewyn flying alongside him. She had her Vampire wings out, frost sword in hand.

	“We need to take them down,” she said. “I’ll handle it.” Faewyn flew up, and dove, like a falcon going for the kill, and barreled into Tannis full-force with both of her feet. The Druid felt tremendous pain. Tannis was forced to land, and he let Silena off of his back. He transformed back into humanoid form, rubbing his back.

	“I’m sorry, I need a moment,” he said. “That vampire packs a wallop.”

	“I got her, don’t worry,” Silena said. She pulled the feather out of her hat, and let the whip loose. Faewyn was circling back around for another attack. Silena and Tannis both ducked as she swooped by. Silena was ready. She twirled the whip several times, lassoing it around Faewyn’s ankle. The Vampire’s flight path was stopped.

	“Tannis, help me pull, now!” the halfling said. Both of them gripped the whip, and lashed it downwards. Faewyn plummeted, hitting the dirt hard. She groaned, feeling that her arm might have been broken. The whip was still tied to her ankle, and Tannis and Silena were now standing over her.

	“Faewyn, call off your friends, now,” Tannis demanded.

	“I’m not listening to you,” she snarled.

	“It’s fine,” Silena said. “I’ll keep an eye on her, just keep Praetoris alive.” Tannis nodded in agreement. He held out his hand.

	“I think we’re going to need Plan Showstopper,” he said grimly. Silena looked at the Druid like he’d lost his mind.

	“Are you crazy?” she asked.

	“No,” Tannis said. “But I know us too well. Our teams are going to keep fighting, and we’ll murder each other even if either Praetoris or Adrasteia falls. At this rate, neither of those outcomes are going to happen, and it doesn’t matter if either one does. It all leads to nothing but death and destruction. Our parties, who committed themselves to saving this world, will kill each other while the Empress rolls over the rest of the kingdoms. Is that what you want?” Silena shook her head.

“Look, I don’t like this plan, but if we’re going to win, some of us might have to lose it. I know that this isn’t the real fight. So I’m going to trust you.” Tannis nodded, and Silena handed him an item from her pockets. He ran across the base to Praetoris’ location.

Praetoris couldn’t hold Alex’s claws back much longer. He thought he was going to black out. Time seemed to slow down. Praetoris looked over Alex’s shoulder. Tannis was still in the air as a hippogriff, with Silena on his back. They were being chased by Allie and Faewyn, the latter of which had her own wings. He could hear several things: Addie fighting Zion, Jerry screaming something angrily, and a series of random explosions a few moments after that. Finally, something clicked. Praetoris let Alex grab him, but not in the neck. She grabbed his wrist, and the rogue could now open his hand. He let loose a powerful Force-push, sending Alex flying off of him.

Praetoris stood up, letting out a sigh of relief. He looked around the field. Alex was rubbing the back of her head. Lara and Galon were clashing their blades. Anaxir was punching Jerry. Tannis had landed. Silena had Faewyn’s foot in a lasso. Sir Reggie had Anya on the ground in a headlock. Addie held Zion back with his own staff. All in all, they were losing. Pretoris knew other team didn’t have to go anywhere. They didn’t want anything. They just wanted to wear his party down until, inevitably, they turned the other cheek while Addie enacted justice upon him. There was, however, one plan he had left. It was a stupid plan, but one which would keep him alive, and hopefully allow his team to live. He saw Tannis rapidly approaching.

	“Plan Showstopper is in motion,” he said. Praetoris nodded.

	“You got what I asked for?” he asked. Tannis handed him the item from Silena.

Meanwhile, Allie was back on the ground, the eagle having disappeared. He was running over to help Alex.

	“Oi, you okay?” he asked.

	“Not exactly,” she said. “This fight isn’t getting us anywhere.”

	“Agreed, but what would you suggest?” Allie asked.

	“We need to get keep the other party from escaping,” Alex said. “Silena has the amulet, the exit slip. If they get far enough, they’ll use that to escape the book and strand us here.”

	“They wouldn’t do that,” Allie said.

	“They will if Praetoris thinks he’s a dead man.”

	“So we gotta contain them here. We need a distraction. Something big.” Alex’s eyes widened.

	“I got something kinda big,” she said with excitement.

	“What?” Allie asked. Just then, Alex sprouted her huge dragon wings, spanning about ten feet, and her hands turned back into claws. She sprang into the air, hovering a few feet above Allie.

	“Yes. We’re doing this.” Alex grabbed Allie, lifting him off the ground, flying him over to where Praetoris and Tannis were standing. Allie dropped from above, raising the massive sword he got from Atlantis. He slashed at Praetoris, who jumped back to avoid certain death. Alex flew high into the sky, and let out a roar for everyone to hear.

	“Holy shit!” Jerry exclaimed.

When Lara locked blades again, she gave Galon a look of pure hatred. Then, she heard it. The roar of a dragon. She glanced to see Alex with her wings out.

	“I guess that’s the signal,” Lara said, kicking Galon in the gonads. He doubled over in pain, and she ran towards the rest of the party.

Anaxir saw Alex, and ran past Zion and Addie to see what was happening. Addie was so distracted that she didn’t notice Zion raise his hand. He brought his fist down, snapping his own quarterstaff in two. The monk spun around, delivering a sharp kick to Addie’s midsection, knocking her about fifteen feet away. He chased after his younger brother.

	Praetoris looked at Tannis, then at Alex, then at Tannis again.

	“Okay, that’s it. Plan Showstopper for sure,” he said.

	“Uh, we got company,” Tannis said, pointing to Alex. Tannis transformed back into a hippogriff, and Praetoris climbed onto his back.

	“Get me out of here,” Praetoris said. Tannis flapped his wings and took off, just as Alex unleashed a stream of fire from her mouth. The earth where Tannis and Praetoris had been was scorched. Tannis swooped down and picked up Gibbis, rescuing him from Anatolius’ assault. As they lifted off again, Praetoris looked across the base. Alex was following him. Gibbis was laying on Tannis’ back, quietly licking his wounds. Faewyn had broken free and was now back to fighting Galon alongside Lara. Addie was firing arrows at Silena, who put up a series of magical shields to protect herself. Anaxir and Zion entered another bout of fighting, matching each other punch for punch and kick for kick. Anatolius was protecting Addie. Sir Reggie was being magically shielded by Allie, while Anya and Jerry fired crossbow bolts and explosives at them, respectively. The fight had just been elevated to another level. As they flew through the air, Praetoris shouted across the field to address the rest of his companions.

	“Okay, anyone on our side hiding any shocking and fantastic abilities they’d like to disclose?”

	Praetoris didn’t believe anyone responded, but even if they did, he wouldn’t have heard anything. Tannis had to swerve to avoid being hit by another jet of fire. They flew across the base, reaching the outskirts once again. Praetoris watched as the sand and dirt changed to grass. If he could get far enough, he could escape using the amulet, and remove himself from the equation to stop the conflict. If he wasn’t there anymore, Addie might relent and the mission might be saved. But until they sorted this personal matter, the Empress would always have the upper hand.

Alex watched and followed them further into the sky. She wasn’t after him to kill him like Addie was (although nothing prevented her from doing so in self-defense). Alex had, however, seen exactly what Tannis had given to the rogue. The amulet was compromised.
