	Anaxir raised the axe high above his head. He held his grip on the handle, allowing gravity to carry the weight of his arms downward until the blade hit the log, splitting it in two. The monk drunkenly picked up a second piece and set it on the stump he was using as a chopping block. Same process, repeated over and over. As he got into the right routine, his mind wandered. What had happened when they were in the palace of the gods? There wasn’t a lot that Anaxir could remember, in terms of small details, but the important stuff always stuck. In this case, the important stuff was their cohesiveness as a team. The finer details of their mission had finally been spilled to Adrasteia and Sir Reginald, but in such a fashion that the former proceeded to freak out and the latter sat in an abnormally content state.

As he continued to chop wood, he noticed that Alex had also grabbed a chopping block. While Anaxir’s swings with the axe were slow and lazy, they were consistent and accurate. Alex, on the other hand, was acting as if the chopping block were her arch-nemesis. The pieces she cut varied greatly in size, as if she just wanted to hit things with an axe rather than preparing firewood.

	“Woah, slow down there,” Anaxir said.

	“Anaxir. Not. The. Time!” Alex said, hitting the large log in front of her multiple times. It split into three pieces, none of which seemed apt to last long in a roaring flame. She noticed that Anaxir had stopped working. She gave her monk companion a frustrated look.

	“What?” she asked. Anaxir just blinked and continued on with his task. He could tell she was upset about something, and he was fairly sure that he knew why. After setting down another set of pieces into the growing pile, his curiosity got the better of him.

	“Look, uh, I don’t know what’s on your mind, but, what happened on Olympus? Everyone seems kinda ticked off at someone else.” Alex said nothing. She gave a huff and kept chopping away. But Anaxir wouldn’t leave it alone.

	“I mean, I ask because one minute I was taking a nap, and the next one no one was talking,” he said. Alex didn’t respond again. She was adding to her own pile of wood.

	“Alex? What happened?” the drunken master asked a third time. It was a rather innocent question, no sign of hostility or impatience whatsoever. But Alex snapped.

	“Look, just go drink in a corner somewhere!” she shouted at him. Anaxir was stunned. Never before had he heard someone attack him for his drinking habits. Clearly, this wasn’t something that Alex would normally say. He had to admit, of everyone that he met while traveling through the book, Alex was the person he was closest to.

Alex regretted it as soon as she said it. Looking up, Anaxir had his hands by his side, the axe stuck into the chopping block. She took a deep breath.

	“Anaxir, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean it like that, I-” she began, but he cut her off.

	“D-don’t worry about it,” he said, clearly trying to hide how much the insult hurt him. “You’re going through a lot, I can tell. So, what happened?” Alex took another deep breath.

	“It’s just that we we’re trying to explain everything to Addie and Sir Reggie, Faewyn and Allie kept trying to help me explain shit, and Faewyn blurted out that we were inside a goddamn book.” Her voice softened as she talked about “the book.” Anaxir remembered that Faewyn had stormed off into the bathroom as he was laying down. She was still mad the day after, when they went into the catacombs to find the temple of Ares.

	“I think she disappeared for a short while, when we took Hephaestus’ task,” he said, resuming the wood-chopping. “Addie left to talk to her, and she came back saying that Faewyn would be fine.”

	“She didn’t say where Faewyn went, right?” Alex asked. She took a break, slinging the axe over her shoulder.

	“I honestly don’t remember,” he replied. “Actually, come to think of it, I don’t remember much of the day at all, except something about Achilles, something about Ares being gone, except Sir Reggie kinda fought a version of him. Then there were statues, minotaurs, and lizard things, many of which I killed, I think. Anyway, no, I don’t remember what Addie said. Maybe she didn’t say anything at all. Sometimes my teammates don’t tell me things.”

	“Well, I’m sure it wasn’t super important,” Alex said. “I’m still kinda pissed off at the whole thing. Faewyn said stuff she wasn’t supposed to and turned the whole conversation on its head. But what has been done is done. Nothing I can do about it now.”

	“So why are you still complaining to me?” Anaxir asked while placing log number-something on the stump.

	“Because you’re here and relatively impartial. I’m more pissed off at Lara for telling us when to speak and when not to. I think Allie and I were trying to explain it in a way that wasn’t absolutely crazy, and Lara just kinda shut us up.”

	“Maybe that’s because of what Faewyn said. She was afraid of one of us blurting out more world-shattering secrets.”

	“Well, why do you think I silenced Faewyn? So we could control what we said and how we explained it.”

	“Didn’t sound like it was under control to me. I know, that’s an ironic statement coming from the resident alcoholic. There were too many voices in one room though.”

	“I don’t know what your expecting me to say, Anaxir. That we were out of control? I know that I don’t like keeping my own mouth shut, but that’s because Lara constantly insists on being the one to speak. It’s like she keeps parenting us. She needs to stop. We’re not her children. She’s a few years above us at most.”

	“I don’t know,” Anaxir said with a shrug. “I generally think she knows what she’s doing.”

	“No offense,” Alex began, “but you’re always drunk, and not really paying attention to how much she wants to be the front line. We can speak for ourselves, and even if someone says something completely absurd, like Faewyn or Allie, we should take responsibility for our own actions.”

	“No, I get it,” Anaxir said. “I’ve had my fair share of people telling me what to do, from Lara to bartenders to my own goddamn brother.” As he said the last one, Anaxir brought the axe down particularly hard on the log sitting before him.

	“But I just can’t understand why,” Alex said, placing a log back on her chopping block. “I mean, is she afraid we can’t handle ourselves?”

	“Maybe,” Anaxir replied. “Most of us lost our biological families; maybe she doesn’t want to lose this one. She’s also the oldest, technically, so maybe she feels responsible for us.”

	“But that doesn’t make sense!” Alex said, her voice steadily rising. “We have all lost our families, in some ways different than others. Isn’t that what makes us a family? Isn’t that why we bonded with one another, because we had nowhere else to go? And most importantly, isn’t that why we need to be able to stand up for ourselves? So we’re not relying on one person? So we can be there to mutually support one another, get through this mission and go home? At this point, Alex was ranting to Anaxir almost nonstop. All this inter-group conflict was starting to make the monk feel tense. As Alex said her last sentence, he picked up a log, but instead of placing it on the chopping block, he gripped a crack in one of the surfaces and ripped the log in two with both hands. The pieces fell into the grass. He looked at what he’d done, took a deep breath, and looked at Alex, who had stopped moving or speaking.

	“Sorry. I agree with everything that you’re saying, but you guys need to talk it out. I hate seeing people mad at each other. I just want everyone to be able to share a drink.” Alex laughed at the last remark. It was the first time she smiled in the entire conversation.

	“I know. I want to, but… I’m not sure how to start that discussion,” Alex said.

	“I don’t know what to tell you,” Anaxir said, shrugging.

	“I’ll probably talk to Faewyn later tonight. Where is everyone?” Anaxir’s head jolted upwards. He was so focused on chopping wood, he hadn’t realized that everyone else was wandering the farmland.

	“Probably out and about. They can’t be too far, we’re going to eat soon.”

	“Oh, that’s right. We should just focus on enjoying dinner first, then I’ll talk to them somehow.”

	“That’s good. I hope everything goes well. If you get mad at each other, or even see each other differently, that’s okay, because at least you’re honest about it. Considering the danger we’re in, staying together is more important than how we stay together.”

	“Yeah, we’re supposed to be a team. They always say a team that trusts, is a team that triumphs.”

	“That’s a whole lotta T’s that I can’t comprehend right now, Alex.” The dragon disciple laughed again.

	“Anyway, I agree with you, we need to stay together. We have a mission to complete and a world to save. If we don’t work together, and we can’t find a way to split the difference, then we’ll fail for sure.” As she said this, Anaxir was stacking more wood into the pile. Alex wasn’t sure if the monk had caught her last words. He seemed to be spacing out.

“Uh, Anaxir, are listening?” she asked. He set another log on the stump and looked at her as he let the axe fall again.

“Hey, I may be drunk 24/7, Alex, but I can hear you. As to what you said, well, there’s only so many of us, and even at our best, we can’t save everyone. If we can’t even come to terms with that, then maybe nobody gets saved.”

“Not a pretty outcome,” Alex said. As she spoke, Penelope approached the two of them.

“Uh, sorry to interrupt, you two, but um… Alex, is it?” she asked.

“Yeah?” she asked, putting the blade of her axe on the stump.

“Dinner is almost ready,” she said. “But Clodius said there are some bottles of Olympian wine he needs brought in from the barn. He said you might be able to help him carry it in while he finishes up the cooking. Do you think you could?”

“Sure,” Alex replied, walking towards the barn. “Don’t take from my pile.”
