*This story (and possibly others) take place within the undescribed time spent packing up to leave for Oz*

Tales of Atlantis: Alex and Larawyn

Before gathering her supplies together from where they were casually tossed around her room, Alex went down the hallway to visit Larawyn in her bedroom within the party’s set of rooms. She had been toying with an idea since getting her ioun stone from the treasure room and decided that now was as good a time as any to act on it. The oiled wood door already stood ajar, and Alex noticed Larawyn carefully wrapping her extra weapons to store within her bag. Lightly knocking, Alex quietly stepped into the room, the thought of what she was about to do weighing on her. Barely looking up, Larawyn quickly acknowledged her presence.

“Alex, I told you I’m not hanging out with you until you finish packing. We need to be ready to leave early tomorrow” 

“Don’t worry Lara, I’m...mostly done. But I didn’t come here to just hang out.” 

“Look, while that sounds fun, Theodosia really tired me out. We don’t know what we’re gonna meet on the road tomorrow and I don’t want to go out there with claw marks down my back.”

Alex blushed slightly and continued, “Yeah, also not why I’m here. Just humor me for a second, I need you to sit on the bed, cross your legs, and close your eyes.” With that, Alex shut and locked the door behind her.

Larawyn rolled her eyes, strode to the bed, and leapt on top, then followed Alex’s instructions. Meanwhile, Alex stepped to the corner of the room and did the same as Larawyn, settling into a comfortable position as she knelt down on the soft carpet. For a couple minutes, Alex mentally constituted herself as Larawyn sat upon the plush crimson bedding, the half-elf taking the opportunity to calm herself and breath deeply. Eventually, Alex spoke once again.

“I know this is something you never talk about. But if you’re comfortable, I want you to describe your mother.”

Larawyn immediately clenched her jaw in anger. “I told you, unless I get absolutely wasted I’m not discussing my mother with any of you. She’s off-limits.”

In response, Alex shot back “Look, we’ve been through hell together but I understand you owe me nothing. Say the word and I’ll walk out right now, I’ll never even mention it again. But please, Lara, I’m asking you to trust me right now. You never talk about your mom and what happened. You do, however, know some of what I’ve been through, that I lost my entire family. What helped me most was actually getting used to talking about it. I just thought, maybe, it might help you to talk about your mom with someone who knows what it’s like to be broken beyond repair.”

The only sound that followed was Larawyn breathing deeply and methodically. Finally, she responded, slowly at first, describing what her mother looked like. As she began, the words flowed easier, she told Alex of her mother’s kindness, her firm belief that Larawyn would grow up to be someone truly amazing, and how when she laughed the world seemed to go silent around her. And even the day she was ripped from Larawyn’s world. Alex sat, eyes closed, drinking in all the information that Larwyn told her, both compiling it in her mind and mentally adding it to what she knew of her friend: the rebellious mercenary accustomed to fighting, drinking, and fucking morphing into a scared and angry little girl who lost everything she knew and was forced into the unknown. Comparing it to what she experienced, the pain and loneliness Alex had felt all her life came rushing back with the force of a tidal wave. Single tears dripped from her closed eyes as she Larawyn’s story reminded her of her own trauma. But through it all, she knew that she understood her friend better than before, the pain and loss that she had experienced rivaling her own. Most of all, Alex knew what it was like to feel alone in the world. Eventually, Larawyn’s flood of anger and sadness had abated, leaving behind on the bed the tear-stained visage of the small half-elf who knelt over her mother’s body.

Alex concentrated, focusing the torrent of information and emotion through the blue ioun stone that slowly circled her head, both from her own experiences and the tragedy Larawyn had just woven. Glowing brightly, the stone increased the potency of the illusion Alex was casting, creating a near-perfect replica of the person currently dominating her mind. Keeping her eyes shut, Alex focused all her mental faculties on control of the woman she had just conjured into existence.

The woman knelt upon the bed, barely weighing enough to create movement upon the bedding. But Larawyn’s finely-tuned sense allowed her to feel the presence that had just joined her. She suddenly felt a warm hand cup her cheek, and with hesitation, her eyes slowly reopened. Tears began to stream down her face in earnest as she gazed into the deep brown eyes of the radiant woman in front of her and whispered, “Mom?”

The woman in front of her smiled brightly, seemingly lighting up the entire room with the sight of her joy and simply said “My little Lara.”

Larawyn leapt forward, embracing her mother tightly and feeling her hands, as solid and comforting as before, hold her close. “I...I wasn’t able to save you mom. I’m so so sorry, they took our home. They took everything. And I couldn’t stop it.” Her mother withdrew a hand and used the tip of her finger to lift Larawyn’s chin until their eyes met again. Then, while wiping away some of her daughter’s tears, said

“Oh, my sweet child. There’s nothing you could have done. It wasn’t your fault. I’m just sorry I left you so soon. But look at you, you’ve turned into a truly amazing woman. You took the saddest thing that life could have thrown at you and used it to become truly fantastic. Now I know what it’s like to be the mother of a real hero.”

Larawyn smiled softly and returned to hugging her mother as tight as she possibly could, simply drinking in her warmth. 

And there they remained for hours until finally, Larawyn relinquished her grip upon the woman in front of her. Closing her eyes once more, so as not to fully acknowledge what it was that was really in front of her, Larawyn, with a steady voice said, “You can end it now Alex.”
Without opening her eyes, Larawyn knew that the image had faded and the light pressure that was on the blanket in front of her had vanished. The warmth however, the feeling of completeness that had spread throughout her body, remained, as did the memory of her mother’s smile upon seeing her. Larawyn trembled slightly, both from not moving for hours and from the vulnerability that she retained. She had finally begun to fill the hole inside her from her mother’s death. She remained kneeling on the bed, the entire room silent. Without a word, Alex opened her eyes once again and stood up, grimacing at the pain that wracked her body from staying in one position for so long. She quietly slipped across the room to the bed and put a comforting hand on Larawyn’s shoulder. Slowly, Larawyn opened her eyes, turned her head, and looked up at her. Without a word, she and Alex hugged tightly, Larawyn’s hair brushing Alex’s face as she silently thanked her friend for her help, blinking away the last of her tears from her reddened eyes.

“You don’t have to be alone anymore Lara, you have a new family now.”

For the first time in hours, Larawyn smiled softly, letting go of Alex. “I know.”

Alex smiled back at Larawyn and strode across the maroon carpet to leave Larawyn alone with her thoughts. Just before she reached for the doorknob Larawyn spoke up one last time.

“And Alex, thank you.”

Looking back, Alex responded with another smile, this one belying her usual carefree and cheeky attitude, trying to distract from the one memory this brought up that she still had yet to confront. Before turning back to leave, she now noted how Larawyn’s grinning face seemed to warm the room like her mother’s. 

“Always.”

And with that, she swept outside the door to go finish her packing. Once the door shut again, Larawyn went back to stowing her other swords for travel, feeling as though her mother’s warm embrace had stayed in the room with her. As she finished up her mother’s voice echoed in her head, “Now I know what it’s like to be the mother of a hero.” Holding on to the comforting feeling inside her she knew she had one thing to do as tribute to her mother.

“Don’t worry mom. I’m going to make those bastards pay for what they did to us. My friends and I are going to get justice for you. I swear it.”

THE END

Larawyn - 
“You took the sourest lemon life has to offer and turned it into something resembling lemonade.”
(Dr. K, This is Us)
