	Alex crossed her arms. Ever since they had revealed the truth to Adrasteia and Sir Reggie, the team had been conflicted about what to do after they defeated the Empress. She looked disapprovingly at Faewyn, who was giving her a nasty glare. With the parties reunited, they had been debating intensely over whether to continue telling Addie, Anya, and Sir Reggie that they were inside a book their whole lives. They were situated in a living area in the captain’s quarters on the base.

	“Listen, Adrasteia and Sir Reggie are good people,” Alex began, “and they trust us to help save their home. We told them enough as it was, and even that was too early. But what were you thinking, Faewyn, telling them it’s all inside a goddamn book?”

	“I was telling them the truth, Alex,” Faewyn said. “If anything, we’ve fucked up their world just as much as the Empress has, and they deserve to know why.”

	“Okay,” Lara said, “I think that’s a bit of an exaggeration, but I agree.”

	“A BIT? That doesn’t even cut it,” Praetoris said. “It’s a gross misrepresentation of our actions. The Empress has brought nothing but oppression and death and war. We’re putting a stop to it, and that’s our mission. We’re not supposed to tell anyone anything.”

	“Okay, we can’t just keep them in the dark about everything,” Alex said. “We’ve become friends with them, and they need to know why we’re here, I just think we need to pull back the throttle on revealing so much at once.”

	“Thank you,” Tannis said, “Finally, someone who says something reasonable.”

	“Says the man who tried to help Praetoris escape,” Alex snapped.

	“Hey, can we not get into this now?” Lara asked irritably.

	“Yeah, we’ve already established that was a bad idea,” Silena interjected, “no need to rub it in. It wasn’t my plan, anyway.”

	“You gave him the amulet!” Allie said.

	“Well, ya’ll were trying to kill us, and I didn’t exactly have a choice,” Silena replied defensively. “It was a goddamn ultimatum, okay?”

	“Okay, we’re getting off-track again,” Praetoris said. “My mistakes aside, what were you guys thinking? You’re going to break their entire worldview, which isn’t particularly helpful in trying to take down the Empress. We literally just got into an entire fight over Adrasteia’s father, are you now going to tell her that her father isn’t real? I thought I was bad for dropping a chandelier on him.”

	“Praetoris, you’re way out of line,” Alex retorted. “These are two different things.”

	“Both of which will lead us to conflict,” Tannis said.

	“Hey, hey, hey, let’s stop getting off-topic for once,” Faewyn said. “I, for one, believe Addie deserves the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”

	“I agree with Faewyn, as I said before,” Lara said.

	“I thought you didn’t want to tell her everything before when we were in Atlantis,” Allie interrupted with a quizzical look on his face.

	“Because, we just met her, you idiot,” Lara said, quite annoyed. “We just went through a humongous battle and people got hurt, and Addie learned her father might be dead, so I think she’d like a little goddamn honesty for once!”

	“I still think we’re throwing this on her too quickly,” Alex said. “But, yes, I admit, it’ll have to come eventually.”

	“How long are you going to play both sides?” Jerry asked. Alex gave him a look. But someone else asked the relevant question first.

	“Why are you even talking?” Faewyn asked the dragon-born. “You literally have not been there for any of this journey! If you’d been there and seen what we went through, you’d know that Addie deserves a little peace of mind and knowing everything now so she doesn’t freak in the middle of a fight with, let’s say, the fucking Empress!”

	“Aren’t you the same woman who told us to ‘fuck off’ a few months ago?” Alex asked. Faewyn gave her a look of exasperation.

	“Look… I’m just trying to think ahead,” Faewyn said. “We have all been through a lot, and we’ve put Addie through a lot, and I think we need to win her trust back.”

	“I still disagree,” Tannis said. “We came into the book to rescue Bouganvilla and make sure she is safe. Our mission is to Atticus and to his family, not to anyone else, no matter how close we get.”

	“You make us sound like sleeper agents,” Lara said. “This isn’t espionage, Tannis, this is real danger that these people are in. I don’t know how many times you’ve been injured, but your team certainly has,” she added, pointing to Silena. “My point is, people are getting hurt and are dying because of the Empress’ actions. There are people who deserve our help because they are living, breathing individuals. They’re not subjects of some experiment.”

	“Look, Lara, I get that,” Praetoris began, “but we don’t have the luxury of doing that. Our job is to stop the Empress, save the Princess, and get out. It’s that simple. If you want to stay here with your friends, fine by me.”

	“No, we’re not staying,” Allie said, “but we need to do figure out what we’re telling the book people before they get back from scouting. We don’t want them walking in on this. I think we should be telling them everything.” Lara gave Allie a confused look.

	“Excuse me, two things: One, are we clear on exactly what we’re supposed to be telling them, because we seem to disagree on that point. Two, book people? Really?”

	“Hey, I’m just turning pages at this point,” Allie said with a shrug.

	“Wait, you fucked up your explanation of a multiverse?” Silena asked, her mouth agape in shock. “It’s bad enough you said anything at all, but more importantly, what exactly did you tell them? Please tell me that you at least said it clearly.” Lara, Allie, Alex and Faewyn looked nervously at each other.

	“You didn’t, did you?” Praetoris asked rhetorically.

	“Well, we sorta told them the book was a dimensional door or a portal to our world, not that their world WAS a book,” Allie replied. “We gave them the abridged version.” He let out a small, nervous laugh.

	“Would you.... just… stop, please?” Faewyn asked. “That’s a terrible thing to say about someone’s entire world.”

	“Well, Sir Reggie normally has the jokes, but he’s not here right now, isn’t he?” Allie asked rhetorically, with a look of irritation.

	“Okay, okay, we’re getting off the subject AGAIN,” Tannis said. “Who says we shouldn’t tell them?” As he asked this, he, Praetoris, Silena, and Jerry raised their hands.

	“Wait, why are you voting?” the druid asked Jerry.

	“The less they know, the better,” Jerry said. “I mean, I assume this book is getting destroyed as soon as we’re done here, right?” Everyone had shocked expressions.

	“So… we’re not?” Jerry asked. “I just assumed that we might as well not tell them anything since their world is going ka-boom after you get the Princess out and whatnot.”

	Lara spoke up after a brief silence. “Let’s, um, not do that, and agree that we’re NOT burning the book, okay? Right?” Everyone nodded. “Thank goodness, we finally agree on something.”

	“Anyway… back to what we were talking about,” Faewyn said. “All in favor of telling them everything?” Faewyn asked. She, Lara, Allie, and Alex raised their hands.

	“Zion?” Tannis asked. “Where do you stand on this?” Neither of the monk brothers had spoken at this point. Zion sat up, and adjusted himself in his seat.

	“Well, I have an equation,”  the older monk said. “In the time since you’ve been in the book, all ongoing and prior conflicts and political schisms increased in their intensity and violence, at least initially. But, through your perseverance, heroism, and diligence, you managed to resolve those conflicts. However, as we get closer to the end of the mission, the dangers will grow exponentially as the Empress becomes more and more desperate to hold onto her power. And these revelations, about the world and its nature, have, at least from what I can gather, from an empirical standpoint, proven to be a significant distraction. The fact that we’re sitting here having a debate about it at-length is indicative of that. And it is a distraction that will prove to be disastrous in the wrong circumstances, especially as you attempt to retake the palace. I think slowing down and holding back on world-shattering revelations is not an idea that can be dismissed out of hand.”

	“Boom. The wise Grand Master said it himself. Case closed, I win,” Praetoris said.

	“Not just yet,” Alex said. “His brother deserves to give his opinion.”

	“Anaxir, you’re being incredibly non-hyper-verbal about this,” Lara said. “I understand this isn’t really your type of thing to discuss, but we want to know what you’re thinking. I know you are, and just don’t feel the need to say it. But this is important, and don’t feel the need to drown it in ale just because you don’t think it’ll be valuable.”

	“No, I’m sure that he’s going to say something,” Alex said. “He’s already made up his mind and wants to hear it play out for the rest of us.”

	“Oh, Alex you know me too well,” Anaxir said. His voice was surprisingly clear. Almost as if he was… sober?

	“Uh, Anaxir, did you go cold on the ale or something?” Allie asked.

Anaxir stood up, and walked over to a small counter nearby, with several foodstuffs. He pulled out his mug of unending booze, and took a sip.

	“Actually, Allie, I’ve had so much to drink that it’s making things quite clear.” Everyone sighed in relief. Anaxir hadn’t lost his power, he just reached that “high-functioning drunk” phase, where he could actually speak as if he weren’t an alcoholic. The party had seen it only twice. Both times were in Atlantis; the first was in the tavern at the Reef, and the second one was at Muldar’s bar when the drunken monk played the impromptu piano medley “Scenes From An Atlantean Restaurant.”

	“I’m actually kind of nursing a headache. Not alcohol-induced obviously, but too much screaming in one room. That’s all it is, Allie, just more of my pain for you to treat. Same reason why I left to take a nap in Olympus. I’m not ignoring this, guys, I AM thinking.” He put the mug down, almost slamming it. “So let’s say I’m Addie, or Sir Reggie, or Anya. I’m going about my day, and I’ve got my friends, loved ones, people I care about. Then something comes to threaten them. Something evil. What do I do? I take a stand. I fight, I take some hits, but I ultimately need to win, because I’m protecting what matters. Then a bunch of strangers come along. They’re not from here, and they tell me that, but I don’t know where they came from or why they’re here. So I go along, no questions asked, but I still can’t understand them completely. Then I realize they’re hiding stuff from me, and everything isn’t as it used to be. It never was, but I didn’t see it that way. Now I don’t know who to trust, and how can I protect what matters if I don’t know if the person to my left is trying to hug me or strangle me?” He paused, and everyone looked at each other. The drunk guy, for once, had a point.

	“There’s no real debate here,” he continued. “There’s no decision-making process. We need to tell them the goddamn truth. However which way we do it, we do it carefully, not like the shitshow from last time. But if we don’t do it now, it’ll be done to them later when we ultimately have to leave. And that won’t be pretty.”

	“So you think we should tell them? How can we trust you, a drunk, to tell us what to do?” Praetoris asked skeptically.

	“I trust my brother’s judgement,” Zion said, “Even if I disagree, he has a good point.”

	“Thank you, Zion,” Anaxir said.

	“Look,” Allie said. “The point is, we may not be perfect, but if anyone’s gonna get the job of explaining this, the safest hands are still our own.” Everyone kind of sat in silence, unwilling to comment any further. The teams were divided, exactly half and half. Just before Praetoris could say anything, there was a knock on the door. It was Addie, Sir Reggie, and Anya, back from scouting.

	“Here we go again,” Faewyn said under her breath.

THE END
