Adrasteia paused for a moment before opening the door in front of her. She ran her fingers over the pendant she had examined countless times since her journey began; the gold and silver braided over the steel beneath it, the roots of the tree intertwined over the smooth oval that had sat heavy in her pocket.

The pendant itself wasn’t heavy, it wasn’t the physical weight of the thing. It was the mental weight that made the pendant sit like a stone in her pocket; heavy and constantly noticeable since she had received it; when Artemis had stood in front of her and told her that before she would be allowed to join, she needed to “find where she was from”.

She had finally done it; found where she was from. This should be it: the end of her journey. One last stop and she could return home. With this thought, she was suddenly resolute and reaffirmed in her purpose. Adrasteia stuffed the pendant back in her pocket, nodded at Anatolius, and pushed open the door.
	
The room was dim. As she looked around she could see that the only light came from a single candle on the corner of a table. The place seemed almost abandoned. While it might have been fine during the day, there was no sunlight to brighten the room at this time of night. But Adrasteia could still see well enough. There was a wooden table, a fireplace and a chair just barely at the edge of the light. The chair was heavily cast in shadow, which made it appear empty, but as she took another step into the room, a figure rose from the darkness in a swift and fluid motion despite his age: a man, not in armour, but intimidating nonetheless. He raised a sword, brandishing it directly at her heart.
	
“You”

Adrasteia’s hand twitched towards her sword, disliking the weapon pointed at her and Anatolius raised his hackles, ready for a fight if need be. But before she could respond, or either of them move at all, he continued in an angry cry
	
“Why are you back? You already took everything from me, my daughter, my wife. Are you here for my honour? My dignity? Well, despite attempting to keep some shred of that, you took it from me too.”

	A look of confusion flickered over her face for less than a second before becoming serious again. The ranger’s hand moved from the hilt of her sword to her pocket, pulling out the pendant she had been examining only moments before and clenching it tightly in her hand.

“I am looking for Leallaen of House Faye. I was told that I could find him here.”

The sword stayed pointed at her heart as he coldly questioned her “Why did you want to find me.”
	
Adrasteia’s brain jumped at the question. Finally, she had found him. But it was with an even voice that she responded. 
“I was given this by the goddess Artemis. She gave it to me and told me to use it to find where I am from. Since then, I have discovered that this crest is that of your family, and for that reason I am here to see you.”

She held up the pendant, letting the crest dangle from it’s chain.
	
Confusion swept into the room again, but it was on his face that it settled this time. The look of blank shock was as plain as day. And if that wasn’t enough, he faltered as he tried to speak. “H-How? How did you?” He paused for a moment, the sword falling to his side. “Claramonde?”

“Excuse me?”
	
He took a step forward, moving into the candlelight. “It really is you isn’t it? You look just like your mother when she was younger. It really is my Claramonde, the light of my world.”

The ranger didn’t know how to react. What was he calling her? Who did he think she was? She shifted her weight slightly before saying almost quizically “I am Adrasteia of Olympus. I am a devoted follower of the goddess Artemis. I was told by her to find where I am from. I do not know this ‘Claramonde’.”

Leallaen sighed, looking at her with a hint of sadness in the light in his eyes, before responding. “That’s because you are Claramonde, or you were. That’s the name that your mother and I gave you when you were born. They must have changed it when they took you away.”

“Took me away?” she shook her head “I was told that my parents gave me up willingly.”

He took a step forward, drawing closer to her, and in her confusion and alarm Adrasteia stepped backwards. She didn’t completely realize what she was doing, but instinctively she needed the space.
	
Seeing her back away, her father stopped, the light which had seemed to return to his eyes when he had recognized her seeming to flicker. “Your mother and I,” his voice wavering as he spoke, “would never have given you up of our own free will. I tried to stop them and your mother wanted to do even more, but I was foolish and prideful and… ‘honourable,’” he spat out the last word as though it was poison, “and so they took you from us.”

Adrasteia’s brow was furrowed in a clear look of confusion and almost… pain. Seeing this, her father quickly continued, “Here,” he gestured towards the chairs at the table. “Come, sit, it’s a bit cold in here, I’ll start the fire and tell you what happened.” 
Almost in a daze, she walked forward pulling one of the chairs out and positioning it, along with the chair her father had stood up from, in front of the fireplace. Anatolius sat down behind her, ready to move at a moment’s notice if need be. Her father quickly moved some of the logs and sticks that had been sitting in a pile and lit the kindling with the candle on the table. Then he sat down, looking at her intently.

“You were born in the winter: a beautiful baby girl, the light of our lives, our Claramonde. But just over a year later, a woman arrived here, dressed just like you are now. That’s why I thought maybe you were her and she had returned once again. But anyway… 

“She showed up one night and told us that she you were supposed to go with her, that you were supposed to be one of her followers: her hunters, she called them. Of course, that seemed ridiculous to me. I would never have dreamed of giving you up, so naturally I refused. But the woman said that you had to go with her and she would take you if needed. So, a deal was made. We would engage in single combat. If I won, then she would leave us in peace and if I lost… if I lost then she would get to take you.”

He stared into the fire as though lost in the memory for a moment before turning to her again and continuing with the story, “And so, we dueled. I fought with everything I had, I thought that I would be able to defeat her. But… in the end… I lost. And so, honourbound as I was, I gave you to her. Your mother begged me not to, to do something, she was willing to fight herself to keep you. But I had given my word and a knight’s word is their code. So I had to do the worst thing I could have ever imagined: take you from your mother’s arms and give you to that woman.” He scowled, his face turning dark “Artemis, she called herself.”

After a moment, he continued speaking, “But before I did so, I made one request. I asked that she give you this: the family crest,” he pointed at the pendant, still clutched in her hand, “That she give it to you so that you could find your way back home and so that you would never forget where you came from.”

Adrasteia looked down at her hand, her fingers clenched around the pendant, knuckles white from how tightly she was holding onto it.
Staring intently at the pendant, she spoke so quietly her father almost couldn’t hear what she said. “I was told that you had given me up willingly. I was never told any of this.”

Why would Artemis have kept this from her? Have told her a lie? But then again, could she trust what he was saying? She had never met this man before. Why should she trust what he said over Artemis and all of the others who were her family? These words swirled around her mind, becoming a twisting, spiraling tornado that descended into her subconscious; a dark spot of doubt and confusion that stayed hidden in her mind. But she covered that up quickly, there was no benefit for anyone to reveal these doubts. “How did other people react when I went missing?”

“Well” he paused “We couldn’t just tell people that you had been taken. I am a knight of his majesty’s kingdom, no one would have believed me. A child of this kingdom, my child, taken to Olympus because I wasn’t strong enough to keep you. I was ashamed and… and no one would have believed it anyway. So, so I told them that you had died, in an accident. We held a funeral and everything. Your mother and I went to “your grave” frequently. At least it gave us an excuse to mourn losing you.”

Adrasteia looked up into her father’s face “Where is my mother?”

Leallaen instantly looked at the ground, a tear falling down his face. His voice wavered “She… She… She…” his voice broke “She passed away 10 years ago. The pain of losing you, of what I had done, was more than she should ever of had to deal with and more than she could.”

“Oh” she said, surprised, “I’m so sorry for your loss.”

Her father smiled sadly “Thank you. She was a wonderful woman. I miss her very much.”

They sat in silence for a moment before he seemed to recollect himself and quickly said “I’m sure this must all be a lot to consider and it’s late, you should stay here. There is a guest room that you can feel free to use. Your wolf can stay with you of course.”
	
Adrasteia nodded and rose to her feet, Anatolius following along behind her “Thank you, that is much appreciated.”
