Princess Bouganvilla poured her eyes over the pages. The story was so intriguing; monsters, heroes, wizards, and beings from other dimensions were fighting for the fate of an entire universe. It seemed so large compared to that of the small world she had created. She thought that maybe, someday, her world could be like that one. She had planted characters and heroes and monsters all throughout her father’s pocket universe, but it would take time for them to interact, to evolve and grow beyond just the basic information she knew about them.

Ever since she’d wandered into the book, Bouganvilla had become the benevolent and kind ruler of it all; the One True Princess, she was called. Her followers and civilians loved her, because she let everyone mostly do as they wished. She didn’t want to bring the pains and burdens of her father’s world into the book. It always seemed so confusing and scary to her. Now that she was older, she decided that her own world was going to be simpler, more polite, and much more peaceful than the “real” one.

It was weird, calling her father’s world “real,” since her world was technically inside a book. But it had evolved beyond what her father intended it to be, and she always felt more “real” and at-home inside the book world than outside of it. Out there, she had no family; her father was ageing, her mother was evil, and no other relatives to name. Here, she had an entire kingdom to love her and be her family. It was perfect. She even put storytellers and real magicians, such as the Brothers Grimm and Yen-Sid to remind herself of how much they had inspired her.

Bouganvilla continued turning the pages in the book she was reading, and she was almost halfway through when the door to the throne room opened. She had been sitting not on the throne, but on the rug in front of it, curled up with her book in her hands. It was the captain of the guard, Sir Regina Lovett Breckenridge Caulfield the Third. She did not look happy.

	“Your majesty, someone has entered the palace. Her followers killed the guards out front and managed to convince some others to commit treason. They’re on their way here, to the throne room! We must get you to safety!”

	“Sir Regina,” Bouganvilla replied, “you are overreacting. Nobody kills anyone in my kingdom, it simply does not happen. Where is your son? Reginald? I think he wouldn’t dare betray the kingdom.”

	“No, of course not, he managed to escape, thankfully. But the intruders are coming fast. We don’t have much time. They have managed to rally a massive army, incorporating parts of their own people as well as turncoats from ours.”

	“Go to the crystal room, set up the perimeter, and then send a magic message to Camelot and the Seven Kingdoms. They might be able to help us.”

	“Your Highness, they’ve already taken the crystal room! We need to escape and find my son!”

	“Why would they need the crystals? Those aren’t going to help them leave the castle.”

	“Maybe they don’t want to leave, they want to keep others from getting in! Don’t you see, your Highness, they want the throne!”

Before Bouganvilla could respond, the door burst open. Several of her guards were backing up into the room, shooting crossbows and swinging their swords to stop the invaders. But for all their efforts, nothing could prevent what happened next. Several black-armored guards, contrasting sharply with the silver and gold-plated knights protecting Bouganvilla, stepped into the room and swiftly cut down the defenders. The few who were left backed up to stand with Sir Regina and Bouganvilla. Among the invaders, three stood out. One was a tall, thin man dressed in a hood and robe. The second was a man in full-plate, presumably the general for the soldiers. The third was a familiar face.

	“Mom,” Bouganvilla said.

	“Sweetheart,” her mother replied. Her mother was a powerful sorceress and a Drow, a race known to be particularly evil. “Sweetie, Bouganvilla, it’s time for you to go to bed. You’ve been playing on that throne for too long.”

	“No Mom, I haven’t. People are happy with me here. Considering you’ve been killing my protectors, I think they’ll take a different tone with you.”

	“I have an army of over 10,000 sitting outside the castle. We set up the crystal perimeter which you were kind enough to leave laying around for us. No one will be able to help you, and I’ll be free to wipe out the rest of your defenses across the map.”

	“I can’t let you do that. You think Dad would appreciate what you’re doing?”

	“Your father is old and weak. He couldn’t protect himself from me, so he sent me away. Of course, I came back, as I always do. Besides, why can’t you see that I’m saving you? Your people are going to starve and die amidst the chaos that you’ve created. No currency, no law, just raw freedom. You think that brings happiness? It brings nothing but destruction. You’re just like your father; overly ambitious and reckless. He left his little magic book lying around for me to enter it, and you to write whatever the hell you wanted. Absolute anarchy. I will not stand for it; I am going to bring order to this place, one way or another.”

Sir Regina was standing with a lance in hand, pointing it at the drow. Her eyes were locked onto the invader’s. She would do anything to protect the throne and the Princess, even at the cost of her own life. And if she failed, her son would surely be back with reinforcements. She thrust the lance forward, but it stopped. When she blinked, she saw the drow was holding it back with some kind of magical force. She couldn’t move her weapon.

	“You… will… never… have … the throne!” she said under great strain.

	“I’m sorry, Sir Regina,” the drow replied. “I already do.”

	“You… will… be… a mad queen…who… will… reign… terror… on… us all!”

	“Oh, honey, be quiet.” The drow made a simple motion, and the man dressed in the hooded robe stepped forward. He must have been some kind of advisor, or lackey of the drow’s. He looked at Sir Regina with disgust, and lifted his head to address the room. He had an airy and cold voice.

	“Smile, and rejoice, for you have been saved by the great Empress of Booklandia. If you surrender now, she will be merciful. If not, she shall send you to meet your maker.”

	“I spit at your feet,” Sir Regina said. “Bouganvilla doesn’t answer to you.”

The robed man ignored Sir Regina, and addressed Bouganvilla specifically. “Princess, does this chattering animal speak for you?”

	“I think I speak for myself, thank you,” Bouganvilla replied. Behind her back, she brandished a knife. She slowly approached the group of invaders. Her remaining guards looked at her in horror, until they saw what she was holding.

	“Mom, it’s time for you to leave. And take your creeps with you.”

	“Bouganvilla, honey, that’s not going to happen.”

	“Fine. I guess your advisor will have to stay here.” Bouganvilla tried to plant the knife in the advisor’s neck, but he simply waved his hand, and the banners flew off the ceiling to wrap around both Bouganvilla and her protectors.

	“I think you’re the one staying put,” the drow said. She turned to her own followers.

	“Kill the guards,” she said. “Except for Sir Regina. She’s mine.”

	“Mom, no-!”

Before Bouganvilla could get the words out, the black-armored guards cut down the last of the protectors. Bouganvilla watched and struggled as her mother gripped the sides of Sir Regina’s head, and the brave knight slowly went pale as life drained away. Her corpse hit the floor of the throne room with a loud bang. Bouganvilla started crying out and shouting angrily at her mother until the hooded advisor waved his hand and a piece of cloth covered her mouth to silence her.
	“Shhhh,” the advisor hissed, pressing an index finger to his lips.

As the Empress approached the throne, and stared in awe of its golden color, the guards dragged Bouganvilla to the dungeon.  All she could think about was how much she wanted this land to be a land of dreams. Now, thanks again to her own mother, it was a land of nightmares. The peace and joy would be overrun by evil and darkness. Bouganvilla thought about Atticus. Could her father stop this? Maybe, maybe not. Or maybe he didn’t know, or didn’t care. Luckily for her, Atticus DID care. He didn’t have all the details, but he loved his daughter enough to want to bring her back. He just couldn’t do it alone.

Luckily, he had a few ideas.
