	“Milo,” Allie said, “I need a way to punch through that gate.”

	“I understand, Alistair,” Milo replied. “But there’s no way that I can actually hit it-”

	“You don’t need to punch it, I just need you to-”

	“Sir, watch out-” Milo tried to warn Allie, but Dowen floored it, crashing the car into the front of the gate. The bumper hit the space between the doors head-on, breaking the chains and allowing the three of them to plow onto the path. Allie looked back at the battle behind them, as the rest of the party was fighting their way through a battalion.

	“Nevermind,” Allie said. “Dowen, we need to loop around and grab the others.”

	“No need.” Dowen pointed to the rear-view mirror. Allie peered in, and could see that Lara, Anaxir and Alex had jumped on the second car with Addie, Faewyn flying closely behind.

	“Okay Dowen,” Allie said. “Take us to the front gate.” The cars looped around the circular path, staying close to the wall. Blue streaks of ice-cold energy flew downwards; the EPA was unleashing their anti-siege weapons on them. One of them hit the path up ahead, freezing the road. Dowen slammed on the breaks, and the car with the rest of the party behind them stopped too. Allie heard a voice behind them.

	“What the hell happened?” Alex asked.

	“Uh…” Allie couldn’t find the words.

	“The path appears to be frozen,” Milo said, pointing a finger upwards. “They have lots of siege weapons, powered with ice.”

	“Then I guess we’ll answer with fire,” Alex said. She stepped out of the car, ignited Aelia, and walked around everyone else to the patch of ice on the road. She stabbed her blade into the frozen earth, and the ice began to glow orange as the flames started to heat it.

	“Here, I got this,” Anaxir said. He moved to where Alex was, and activated both of his bracers with fire damage. He started punching the ice. Soon,  with enough heat and force, the ice melted and broke, allowing the cars to move through. When the group reached the palace, the men and women manning the siege weapons turned their guns around and opened fire.

	“Everyone take cover!” Lara yelled. Everyone dove out of the cars, except for Milo, who let himself fall backwards into the snow. The cars froze instantly in blocks of ice. Faewyn was still a bat, and she flew and spun throughout the air, dodging icicle spears. Addie noticed the guards in front of the palace, but they quickly ran inside to barricade the door.

	“We need to go, now,” she said. “The guards are probably alerting Arabella to our arrival.” Addie went to the front door, and tried to pull on the handle. Nothing was happening. Elsewhere, Faewyn had turned back into a humanoid form. She was pulling palace guards out of their chairs and slashing their throats. She chose one to tackle and pin down, subsequently draining their energy.

At the same time, Lara ducked and rolled underneath a javelin attack, and then reached around to stab a guard through his back. He looked at her, exasperated at her skill, but she just looked at him with no sign of remorse and drove the blade deeper into his back. He gagged and coughed up blood, and the rogue let his lifeless body fall into the snow, a pool of red forming in the white canvas.

Dowen took cover, and Allie threw himself on top of him to keep him safe.

	“I got you, Dowen! You’re safe with me!”

	“Um, do you do this to everyone?” the farmboy asked.

	“I tried to do it to my horse and he got mad, so I let him stay at camp with the Wizard to blow off some steam.”

	“Well, can you get off of me?”

	“Uh… no. This is still a war zone.”

	“You forget, I can handle myself.”

	“We still kicked your ass, and we can do it again. Don’t take your chances with my friends.”

	“I’m taking my chances with you,” Dowen said with a smirk.

	“Well, as Lara can testify, I am a handful. Deal with it.”
	
	Dowen gave up. “Fine,” he said.

Anaxir charged two guards, dodging their attacks. He jumped into a horizontal position, locked one guard’s neck between his knees, and grabbed the other’s neck with his hands. He allowed himself to fall on his side, pulling the guards into the snow. He released his grip, rolled over, and delivered a solid punch to both of their skulls. They were down. The monk stood up, and looked at the rest of the party. They had finished off the last of the guards in front of the palace, or at least the ones who hadn’t fled.

	“Well, how do we get that door open?” he asked. Lara pointed to Alex, who stabbed into the door with her ignited blade. The door seemed to be made out of ice, and Alex was cutting a large oval into it to allow the party to enter, including Milo. Alex had to reach up to cut enough head room for him.

	“You almost done there?” Faewyn asked.

	“Not quite,” Alex said. “I’ll be done in a few seconds.”

	“Hurry!” Allie exclaimed. “More guards could arrive at any moment!”

	“I’m going, I’m going!” Alex said irritably. In that second, she kicked the door and a large block of ice fell out into the palace inside, leaving a doorway. Alex stepped into the foyer, and the others followed her in. Just then, everyone except Milo and Anaxir covered their ears as a high-pitched alarm rang throughout the halls.

	“Agh!” Lara yelled in pain. “We triggered the alarm!”

	“Not my fault!” Alex shouted. “You’d think they would have set it off before we got to the palace!”

	“Clearly they didn’t! I think they might have been busy with the shitstorm outside!”

	“Well, there’s no turning back now!” Addie said. “We have to get to the throne room!”

	“Question,” Allie said, “why is Anaxir not covering his ears?”

	“He’s so drunk that he doesn’t feel it,” Lara said. “C’mon!”

In the throne room, Arabella was looking restlessly out the window. The Wizard’s forces had boxed in her remaining ground defenses, and some were starting to march along the road to the top of the plateau. Just then, a guard burst into the room.

	“My lady! We have spotted the team of adventurers at the door! They cut a doorway and have entered the palace through the main foyer!” There was a pause, before Arabella raised her hands, trying to communicate some kind of message.

	“Well?” she asked, exasperated.

	“What, ma’am?”

	“Are you deaf? Deploy the garrison!”

	“We have no garrison left!”

	“Then bar the doors, don’t let them through!”

	“Yes, my lady!”

Arabella looked back out the window nervously, as the advance of the enemy continued. She knew that she could at least hold the palace. Some of the EPA members had managed to regain control of the anti-siege weapons and were firing over the side of the cliff. Blue streaks of light were hitting the ground, causing great crowns of ice to spring up. When the Wizard’s soldiers were hit once they were frozen instantly, if they were hit twice, they shattered,

The party was running through the hall. Behind them, one of the guards had fired the cannon at the door, freezing the entrance shut. They were on their own.

“Well that’s just fine and dandy, isn’t it?” Allie asked sarcastically.

“It means she's trying to cut us off from the others,” Faewyn replied.

“Great. Just great. Now we get to freeze to death.”

“Allie, stop. She can’t take us all.”

“You don't know that!”

“Well, she's not the only one with frost damage. Addie and I have that, and Alex and Anaxir have fire. She’s going down.”

“Also,” Lara interjected, “Arabella may be supported by the Empress but she doesn’t have any actual reinforcements. She’s alone, completely.”

As the party approached the second floor, where the throne room was, several EPA members appeared in the hallway. They drew swords and throwing bottles, ready to attack. They shouted some rallying cry, charged, and were immediately overwhelmed. Faewyn and Allie each hit slashed one in the chest with their swords, Addie fired an arrow into another one’s neck, Lara stabbed another in the abdomen, and Alex set one on fire with Aelia. Once the last guards were dead, the party looked down the hall at the door. Anaxir was already there, seemingly having moved without anyone noticing. Before someone could ask how he got there, he looked at the door for a second, and delivered a sharp kick to the center. The door burst wide open, and the party entered side by side. Arabella’s guards lined up in front of her throne, protecting their leader.

“Hello there,” Lara said with a smirk. Arabella scoffed in response.

“I see you're all here to die, then.”

“The Wizard will show mercy if you surrender. This doesn't have to end in a fight,” Lara said, trying for reason. But Arabella simply looked at her with contempt, and pointed at the party.

“Kill them,” she commanded.

“It always ends in a fight,” Anaxir said to himself. The enemy guards charged, and the party braced for impact.

PART III COMING SOON.
