	Opening my eyes, I was immediately disoriented by bright light reflecting off the golden surfaces around me. As my eyes adjusted I realized my face was stuck to the cold floor and immediately shot to my feet...we were in a carpeted room there should not have been a solid floor there. All around me, strangers followed my lead in getting to their feet, swords gleaming at their sides. The already sinking feeling I had plummeted when I spotted that some had pointed ears hidden amidst their long hair. Looking down and noticing that I had boobs sealed my suspicion that we had been transported into our campaign somehow. 

	Slowly but surely, everyone else came to the same realization:
Rae quickly began staring at Acrola with a furrowed brow, clearly having an intense discussion with them
Moi tapped her hammer against the wall a few times and immediately started looking through her things for a drink
Henry was in the corner clearly inexperienced with how drunk he was, the poor guy looked like he was trying to hold back some puke
Ileana just kept playing around with her fangs
Katherine was being comforted by Anatolius, who clearly also had no idea what was going on
And...I was flaring up my fire sword while trying to use it as a mirror so I could see Alex’s face for real

	Once everyone more or less got their bearings, we gathered in a circle. At this point it was obvious that we were somewhere in the Atlantean palace, where though was a complete mystery, as was what skills we retained from our characters. One thing was clear: as this was D&D there was no question we’d have to fight at some point. Only, this time Jacob was nowhere in sight to help us.

“Alright, how the fuck did we get here. Does anyone remember anything?” Rae opened with.
“I know the last thing I remember is us getting up the elevator to the throne room. Then I woke up here.”

	It quickly became apparent that everyone else remembered the same thing: Jacob telling us we were going up the elevator, then a complete blackout before waking up in the massive golden corridor. It seemed obvious: we got off the elevator, our characters collapsed, and we woke up as ourselves. All our gear was still in place, blood from previous battles still matting our clothes and skin, but our minds were our own.

	After, a few solid minutes of arguing over what we were going to do I spoke up.

“Right, so what the hell are we doing? I have no idea how we can reverse this, but while we’re here we all know what the next step is in the campaign…” I pointed out, trailing off.

“I’m sorry, are you actually fucking serious? We’re about to go start a damn boss battle and we have no idea how to fight stuff. Hell, our characters weren’t even ready for this!” Moira interjected, Allie’s voice cracking a little. 

“Look, we don’t know what the hell we’re doing right now and the only path ahead is to the throne room. I dunno what’s going on but maybe we can just wing it? Anyway, I’m heading forward and checking it out.” 

	With that, I strode past the group and continued down the corridor. Moira scoffed and followed, Allie’s footsteps landing heavily on the floor. Alongside her, Rae strode purposefully, as if completely used to Larawyn’s gait, Henry drunkenly stumbled along as Anaxir, and Katherine trailed behind with Ileana, both absorbed in conversations with their respective animals. In front of us stood a massive warrior, garbed completely in plate armor and towering above the rest of us. Behind her stood two larger imposing doors, clearly leading to the throne room. 

“Um, hey there. We kinda need to get in there.” I croaked out. 

“I am Ser Theodosia of House Augustine, sworn to Lord Val-ku to stop any from entering or exiting the throne room as he claims his place as king of Atlantis.” Theodosia’s voice rang with command, booming through the hall behind us. 
	
	Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Rae’s eyes gleam as she stepped forward to confront Theodosia. 

“Theodosia, you may be sworn to Val’ku but as a knight are you not also sworn to protect the innocent and further the good of the kingdom? I know Val’ku is hurting your fellow Atlanteans, he’s clearly not as good for Atlantis as Kida and her family. Please, let us in so that we can help the Queen Regent’s forces prevail and bring her back to her son.”

	Rae’s words washed over all of us, emanating peace and calm. Theodosia herself wavered slightly, nodding along with Rae’s words. It was easy to see that Larawyn’s natural charisma and social aptitude hadn’t abandoned her. Theodosia responded with,

“My family has been sworn to Val’ku’s for generations. While he may be not be helping the city, I simply cannot betray an oath that has been passed down through my House. However, my knightly duties do not allow me to stand in your way when innocent people are in danger. So, I will let you pass and will prevent any reinforcements from following you, but I cannot help you fight Val’ku.”

	Rae bowed in front of Theodosia, with all of us thanking her for her assistance. As we filed into the room through the towering doors, Rae fell behind slightly. Before entering the room, she winked at Theodosia and softly said, 

“Should we survive this battle, I do hope that we might be able to grab a drink.”

	She then rushed to catch up to the rest of us as we surveyed the battle, face gleaming in joy,

“What? Look at her, she’s big and hot.” she protested.

“Nothing, you’re valid.” Ileana said reassuringly.

“Rae, nobody cares about your fuck-buddy, we’re about to maybe die.” I shot back.

	And with that, we strode into the midst of the melee, Kida’s forces slowly falling back before Val-ku’s, and in the center stood the man himself: the myth, the legend, that bitch Val’ku. In his left hand he he slashed at those who stood before him with a short sword, but in his right hand was a massive longsword-mace combo that beat through anyone who threw themselves in his path. For a second, we stood still and admired Kida’s ferocity as she stood toe-to-toe with Val’Ku, dodging his attacks and letting loose with flurries of punches and kicks that kept him back from harming any more of her allies. Eventually though, he inevitably noticed us through the chaos.

“So you must be the ragtag group of champions I’ve heard so much about.”

	As chaotic as the room was, once Val-ku addressed us everything stopped, with most of Kida’s forces lying on the ground injured or dead. 

“You stand before the rightful king of Atlantis. Bow before me now and your lives will be spared, allowed to leave the city with boons beyond imagination. Stand against me and you forfeit your existence in a futile attempt to save a queen with no right to rule.” 

His words rang through the room with all the authority of fate itself. Turning towards the others I wordlessly questioned whether we should accept his offer now that our lives were actually in danger, rather than just our characters. Even as I looked over them, I knew one thing: Alex would never back down. My questioning look turned into fierce determination. With the others nodding back at me, I stepped forward.

“Val-ku, the would-be king. You ask us to bow before you, but do you know who you’re speaking to? 

Larawyn, Scourge of Rovgoth
Faewyn, Bane of the Living
Alastair, Champion of Istus
Adrasteia, Artemis’s Chosen
Anaxir, Wrath of the Elements
And me, Alex, the embodiment of a dragon’s fury

You face powers beyond your reckoning, heroes that have faced far worse than you. Face us if you dare and fall before our might just like all the rest.” With the last word I drew my sword and willed it to blaze to life, punctuating the final sentence with its power. As the words left my mouth I felt the power they radiated, it seemed Alex’s charisma-infused intimidation had stayed with me. 

Val-ku sneered, venomously spitting out “I. AM. THE. TRUE. KING. You think I care for your pointless posturing? I will claim my rightful throne.”

Stepping beside me, Henry spoke with quiet fury “Not. Today.”

Stepping back slightly, Val-ku ushered five of his soldiers to his side, two of them garbed in the vestments of Boccob, one holding a bow with such a relaxed grip as to suggest he was a mster archer, and one bald man with his fists ready to knock us down. As if a bell had rung, we readied ourselves for combat, instinctively relaxing into fighting stances. As if jolted by lightning, it hit me: we still had our combat skills. Letting loose a laugh of joy, I threw my sword hand back and prepared to let loose a spell as the chaos erupted around me, knowing that unrestricted by the normal rules of combat, things were about to get interesting.


