	As Lara and Addie returned to everyone else, Allie started patching up their wounds. They were mostly grazes and light cuts,  which would heal over time without magical intervention. When he was done, Lara shook out her arms. She still had some adrenaline left from the fight. She sat down, panting. Addie sat down next to her and placed a hand on her shoulder. Lara looked at her and let out a chuckle.

	“Yeah, you certainly gave me a run for my money,” she said. “Remind me not to piss you off, in your crosshairs is the last place I want to be.” Addie gave her a smile, handed Lara her bow. Lara took it in her hands, examining the beautiful handiwork.

	“Y’know, we both have fancy weapons, except yours doesn’t give you an attitude.”
	
	“Ha, I think that’s because you’ve only had your weapon for two days,” Addie said. “Try traveling with Anatolius for ten years.”

	“Hey, I can hear you,” said Anatolius.

	“Oh, stop, you know I wouldn’t go anywhere without you,” she said back to him.

	“Yeah, that’s true. Okay, I’ll leave you alone now.”

	“I assume he’s talking shit,” Lara said.

	“No, no, he’s fine. He just didn’t appreciate the comment.”

	“Well, anyway, this is quite the weapon you’ve got here,” Lara said, looking at the carvings in the wood. “Can you fire two arrows yet?”

	“Not yet. The other guy who was with Val-ku could. That fight was just as annoying as it was painful.”

	“I’ll bet,” Lara said. “Rivals suck ass.”

	“Indeed, but I think this training session might produce a few rivalries.” Addie motioned to Faewyn and Alex, who had already positioned themselves out on the floor. “I’m interested to see where this goes.”

	“Honestly, my money’s on Faewyn, but I’ve watched Alex’s skills with illusions grow exponentially. She’s not gonna go down easily.”
	
	Indeed, Alex would not go down easily. She had her hands positioned in front of her, ready to cast defensively. Faewyn was a vampire and a hexblade, and that meant her speed, strength, stamina, and reaction time were incredibly fast, much greater than the average human being. Luckily, for Alex, most average human beings weren’t descended from dragons, nor could they cast objects out of thin air. She stared at Faewyn, who was in a lunging position with her sword drawn.
	
	“You’re going down, bitch!” she yelled at the vampire. “Your fangs cant do shit!”

	“Try me, bitch!” Faewyn retorted. The vampire immediately leapt into a sprint, holding her sword behind her. Alex immediately raised her hands up, and twenty metal spheres appeared, and began orbiting the space around Alex in two perfect ellipses. Faewyn was closing in quickly, and Alex knew not to let herself get caught in tight quarters. She began throwing the stones into her opponent’s direction. The stones flew one after the other. For the first few, Faewyn easily deflected and dodged them, but as more and more came, she began to take a few hits. For the vampire, they were just a nuisance.

	Eventually, Faewyn had closed the distance enough to where she could tell Alex wasn’t prepared to pelt her with more stones. So she took the opportunity and continued charging. But Alex was ready. When Faewyn slashed outwards, Alex stepped to the side, and used the illusion she had been preparing to cast a set of magical steps. She ran up them, quickly spun around, and did a jump-kick that hit Faewyn in the head. The former half-elf was knocked onto the ground. She turned to Alex and scowled.

	“You’re lucky I’m just warming up,” she hissed.

	“Really? That is what you call a warm-up?”

	“Fuck off.” Faewyn wasn’t remotely amused by Alex’s insult.

	“Speaking of warming things up…” Alex drew Aelia. “Let’s see if we can’t do what I did on Hook’s ship all over again.”

	Faewyn was immediately enraged at Alex’s words. She lunged forward. Alex didn’t have much time to react, but she held her blade out in front of herself to block the strike. The flames activated just as Faewyn’s sword made contact, and the result was astounding. Both combatants were immediately thrown backwards about fifteen feet each in opposite directions. The blades clashing emitted a beautifully harmonized tone throughout the room, like a song of fire and ice. Alex and Faewyn both looked mildly shocked.

	“Okay, gonna put that away now,” Alex said, sheathing her sword.

	“That’s fine, that makes it easier for me,” Faewyn said, while brandishing her sword. She was sure that Alex’s illusions wouldn’t scare her, unless she did something really crazy. If anything, they’d be distractions while she worked on getting closer. Alex’s best weapons right now appeared to be time and distance. Faewyn had to make sure she never got them. She sent a message to Eowyn, who had been watching this entire affair.

	“I’m gonna tackle her next.”

	“You’re not going to drain her, are you?”

	“Nothing’s telling me I can’t,” she said.

	“I think that’s a really bad idea.”

	“Hey, I’m just telling you what’s happening. I don’t need your permission.”

	“Well, I didn’t think you’d ask for it anyway.”

	Faewyn charged forward, and Alex cast an image of a wooden door in front of her. The vampire’s blade stabbed right into it, with bluish ice crystals beginning to form around the point of contact. Faewyn kicked the door. It broke in half, and the two pieces disappeared. But Alex was nowhere to be seen.

	“Where are you, you coward?” she shouted angrily. Echoing laughter rang in response.

	“I don’t know, do you?” Alex seemed to be taunting her. Faewyn was not phased, but she kept her eyes open just in case the beguiler decided to come out of hiding. All of a sudden, a book came flying at her head, then another, and another. Faewyn stepped her way around them, dodging and deflecting as many as she could, but a few hit her torso, arms and shoulders. She looked around frantically to find the origin of these loose objects, but no luck. Suddenly, Alex reappeared. Then she appeared again, and again, until there were six dopplegangers of Alex standing in one room.

	Faewyn knew that the other would disappear as soon as the original was hit. But all six Alexes cast an illusion of a javelin, and they all threw them at once. Faewyn dodged one after the other, batting some away with her sword. The six Alexes began casting another round of spears, but Faewyn was too fast. She swiped her hexblade in an arc, casting a ring of dark magic. The ring hit all six Alexes, and five disappeared immediately. The real Alex was thrown backwards about fifteen feet. Before she could react, her body was pinned to the floor. Faewyn had her boot on Alex’s chest and her sword pointed at Alex’s face.

	“You give up now?” she taunted.

	“I never give up, especially when I’ve got a few more tricks up my sleeve,” Alex said with a smirk. Faewyn hadn’t been watching where Alex’s hand was. It was on her staff of fire. Faewyn’s expression turned from confidence to horror. Just then, a wall of fire began to form across the length of the room. It was like a series of volcanoes, shooting off in sequence towards the two combatants. Alex knew the fire wouldn’t affect her, and she could dispel the flames at any time she wanted. But Faewyn didn’t know that, and just as the line of fire drew near, she jumped off of Alex to the right, and Alex rolled to the left. A split second later, the fire shot straight between them. As Alex stood up, she could vaguely see Faewyn glaring angrily at her through the flames from the other side.

	“That was playing dirty,” she said.

	“Come and get me now, unless you want to get burned,” Alex boasted.

	“Fine,” Faewyn snarled. She raised her hands, summoning a large swarm of bats to encircle Alex. The bats began biting and clawing at the beguiler’s face, arms, torso, and legs.

	“Ow, jeez!” Alex shouted. She needed to get away, but the bats kept chasing her. She ran forward, jumping through the fire wall. The bats hit the wall and burned up pretty much immediately. Alex was on her knees, panting but relieved. That is, until she saw Faewyn standing over her with the blade aimed at her forehead.

	“How about now?” she said with a nasty grin. Alex’s instinct was to get up and run back through the fire wall, but Faewyn tackled her, this time making sure to pin her arms down.

	“I win,” she sneered. At that moment, the fire wall disappeared. Faewyn stepped off of Alex, and reached her hand out to help her up.

	“Thanks,” Alex began, but Faewyn simply grabbed her arm and flipped her over onto her back. Alex landed with a loud thud, grimacing at the pain. The vampire doubled over, laughing.

	“You’re not getting off the hook that easily,” she said. “That’s for shooting me in the back in Neverland. I’d say we’re even now.” This time, however, Faewyn actually went over to Alex and helped her to her feet. “I will say, you’re really fucking annoying to fight.”

	“Thanks, I guess?” Alex said, still ambivalent about what just happened.

	“Well, it seems we’ve all done a pretty damn good job,” Lara said from the sidelines. “I mean, there’s a long line of scorch marks across the room, an arrow sticking out of one of the columns, and Allie and Anaxir can’t hurt each other for a certain amount of time, none of which I believe are problems.”

	“Yeah, I think we all got a chance to show off some skills,” Allie said. “I mean, I tried to fight a monk barehanded, and I held out pretty well.”

	“Good thing I didn’t drink more,” Anaxir slurred. “Cuz if that happened, well, I honestly don’t know what would happen. Even if something happened, I might forget about it by tomorrow.” The monk then fell over trying to stand.

	“Jeez, you good?” Alex asked.

	“Yeah, I’m fine,” Anaxir said, waving a drunken arm off in Alex’s general direction. “I’m just playing a funny little drinking game. Every time someone gets hit, I take a sip.” Alex immediately ran over to the drunken master, grabbing the mug away.

	“Okay, yeah, you’re done.”

	“Okay. Can I have it back later?” Anaxir said, trying not to pass out.

	“Yeah, just… just stop, for now anyways,” Alex said. She looked over at the rest of the party. Addie and Allie were petting Percy, who was panting with an oblivious expression, much to Anatolius’ amusement. Faewyn was holding Eowyn up to Milo, who took his right index finger and lightly patted the cat’s head. Lara was looking around the room for structural damage. After sitting Anaxir against a column, Alex approached Lara.

	“So, you think we should head into town yet?” she asked.

	“Yeah,” the rogue replied. “But we should rest a bit, take time to heal, and tell Queen Ariel that we’re done so they can clean up the room. I’d feel bad about leaving a mess after all we’ve been through.”

	“I think we leave a mess in most places,” Faewyn called over. Everyone nodded and laughed in agreement. Then the party gathered their things (and a half-conscious Anaxir), and went on their way.





This concludes the “Post-Atlantis Training Session” trilogy. Future fight scenes may be written in the future, so stay tuned.
