	Addie smirked at Lara’s remark. “Alright, well, in that case, I get Anatolius as a training coach. If we both are allowed to use telepathic connections, then the playing field is even.” But Lara shook her head in disagreement.

	“Anatolius knows you too well, though. Acrolla, on the other hand, well, let’s just say we got some issues.” Lara regretted it as soon as she said it, though.

	“You know, I thought we were in a good place. But if you want issues, I can give you issues.” Acrolla wasn’t entirely accustomed to Lara’s passive aggressiveness, and she usually countered it with some of her own. “The only reason you’re alive is because I killed so many goddamn people. Now show some respect and let’s get this thing over with.”

	“Shut up!” Lara said aloud. “Leave me alone! Don’t be such an ass.”

	“I’m not an ass, I am a sword. Get your facts straight.” Acrolla was definitely tooling with her. Lara realized that getting angry wasn’t going to help, so she gave a huff and put the matter to rest. “I hate this, so goddamn much” she said to herself. She then turned her attention back to Addie. “Alright, fine, you can have Anatolius as a guide. Let’s practice.” Addie nodded. She had been watching Lara argue with Acrolla. She drew her longsword, and moved over to where Allie had been. She took an opening stance and watched as Lara moved to where Anaxir previously was. The two half-elves pointed their respective blades forwards, as if this were a royal duel. Their eyes locked on each other, and they began pacing clockwise. Addie carefully watched Lara’s movements. They weren’t elegant, but they were certainly focused and direct. Finesse was never much of a priority for the rogue. Addie, by contrast, had a reserved amount of grace to her steps. As a hunter of Artemis, her training had been much more structured. Having been on the road for about a decade, she honed whatever fighting forms and styles that Olympus had given her. She sent a telepathic message to Anatolius, who was sitting in a meditative position, whatever that meant for a wolf.

	“I think it’s best if I wait for her to make the first move. I don’t know how Lara fights in single combat, usually we’re all just a gaggle of people.”

	“I disagree,” Anatolius replied. “Take the initiative. Larawyn’s expecting you to be cautious, and to her, cautious means timid. She has her mind set to offense because she believes she has to make the first move against you. Her goal is to use your doubt to overwhelm you, both physically and emotionally. Larawyn may act and look rough, but she’s a smart fighter, too. As a rogue, a prolonged slugging match isn’t in her best interest. She wants to end this fight quickly.” Addie wondered if Lara thought that deeply about her fights, or if she was just winging it most of the time like Faewyn or Anaxir. Psychological warfare was just as dangerous as physical, though. Anatolius was right about one thing: this entire segment of trying to read Lara was making Addie cautious. She gripped the hilt of the sword more tightly. She thought she might try to pry at her rogue opponent.

	“Your move,” she said, in a clear, confident voice. Lara smirked, and lunged forward for a light jab at Addie’s torso. Addie was expecting it, and parried the strike. But like lightning, Lara brought her blade back up, and swiped at Addie across her right cheek. It was a very small cut, and it bled slightly. Addie was alarmed, but quickly regained composure. For the most part, she could ignore the sting.

	“Just because you can block the first one, doesn’t me you let your guard down for the second,” Lara said. Addie figured she was trying to get her worked up. Addie said nothing, and swung at Larawyn’s left arm. With a one-handed grip, Lara blocked the side strike, and spun into a roundhouse kick into Addie’s abdomen. Addie was knocked over, and she sent another message to Anatolius.

	“Any ideas? At this rate, I’ll wearing a hundred bandages.”

	“I don’t know why you all keep trying to do something that’s out of your element. At least with Allie trying to fight Anaxir hand to hand, I can see that. He frequently says and does things which I don’t completely understand. But you should know better. You should put that away and use the bow. She took the initiative, which means she’s willing to chase you. So give her a good chase, and do it on your own terms. Keep your distance and control the battlefield.”

	Meanwhile, Lara kept her eyes locked. She watched as Addie rose to her feet and stepped back over to the sidelines where everyone else was watching. Lara thought Addie could shrug off a few hits, but swordfighting wasn’t her forte. What was her plan with this? Most of Lara’s opponents in single combat had been either way too powerful or way too lackluster. Where Addie lay on that scale was an unknown variable. It was possible Addie would continue with the sword to boost her skills, but if she wanted to win the sparring match, she would need her best weapon, her bow of the Winter Moon. Lara sent a message to Acrolla.

	“Okay, I actually need you to help me now. Should I move in closer, keep up the pressure as Anaxir did, or hunker down and wait for the right moment to strike?”

	“Oh, wait, you’re asking ME?” Acrolla clearly hadn’t been paying attention.

	“Yes, I’m asking you. What’s her game?”

	“Oh, uh, that. Right. So. She tried to hit you with the sword and failed miserably because I’m too good for her, yadda yadda, you kicked her, yadda yadda, and now I think she’s realized that she should start using the bow. Don’t stay too far, because that gives her more time to plan.  I’d say just go for it as soon as you get the chance.”

	“Alright, I’m gonna have to take your word for it,” Lara said. She moved forward few steps. For sure, Addie had put her sword in the scabbard and set it down next to Anatolius. She picked up her bow and moved back towards the center of the room.

	The rest of the party was watching intently, except for Anaxir, who was drinking ale from his mug. Faewyn kept trying to get Addie’s attention so she could wink at her. Allie looked back and forth between Lara and Addie, unsure what direction this would take. Milo had put Percy down to let him run around Allie’s feet. Alex’s blood was rushing. Seeing everyone going toe-to-toe with one another made her eager to get in on the action.

	“Hey, Allie, when you’re done resting, I want next, and I want it to be against you. Magic to magic. What do you say?” Allie looked at Alex and shrugged.

	“Oh, it’s fine, can’t be any worse than getting my ass handed to me by a drunk guy. Sure, I’ll go, just don’t expect me to hold anything back.” Allie then picked up Percy and began to cuddle him. Alex laughed and shook her head, as there was a disconnect between Allie’s last statement and what he was doing now. She looked back at Addie, who had her bow drawn and an arrow loaded. Faewyn called out to the field.

	“Don’t you hold back, Addie. Take her out! Arrow to the heart!” Everyone looked in horror at Faewyn, who was amused by their reactions. “C’mon, you know I’m just kidding,” she said, winking at Addie again. Addie blushed and turned her attention back to Lara. Holding the arrow firmly back, she centered the shot. Lara had her sword positioned directly in front of her, pointing vertically upwards. She was waiting for Addie to make her move.

	Addie released the bow, and the arrow fired straight across the room. Lara was ready, though, and swiped the sword to the side, batting the arrow away. Addie fired again, the result was the same. Lara began advancing in her direction, he steps moving more and more quickly. There was an arrow deflected here and there, but mostly dodges. Lara was getting to close, and eventually, she wouldn’t have the time to load another and aim before Lara hit her with Acrolla. Anatolius was right, it was time to use the field. Addie had some rope wound up on her belt, and she began wrapping it around an arrow.

	Lara saw what she was doing, and rushed in to strike Addie while she was occupied. But Addie had already succeeded, and she fired the arrow upwards. The arrow struck firmly into one of the columns about fifteen feet away. Addie grabbed the rope attached to it, lunging out of the way of Lara’s sword at the last second. She ran, and jumped up at the closest column, and kicked off, swinging around the one she had shot, and hitting Lara in the back with a momentous kick. Lara fell forwards, the force sending her about ten feet away. She turned back, and saw Addie standing right behind her, with another arrow already drawn.

	“Not surprising for a ranger, but I wasn’t expecting you’d use it now,” Lara remarked.

	“There’s a lot of things you guys don’t know about me,” Addie replied. “At least for now, I’d like to keep it that way, until we get back to Olympus.”

	“Except there’s two problems,” Lara said.

“What?” Addie asked, now confused.

“One: I don’t know if you’ve been in a fight with me before, but there’s usually not this much talking,” Lara said with a smirk. She kicked her leg upwards, forcing the bow to fire. The arrow hit the back wall of the room. Lara reached up, grabbed Addie’s right arm, and pulled her down next to her. She quickly rolled over, planting herself on top of the temporarily immobilized hunter. With her left hand, Lara held the bow between them to ensure Addie couldn’t reload it. With her right, she pointed Acrolla’s tip at Addie’s throat.

“Two. I think there’s a lot more about me that you don’t know yet. So hold your horses.”

	A voice called from their audience: “Kick up, Addie!” It was Faewyn’s.

	“Faewyn, shut it!” Alex said. “Let them fight it out.”

	“Fight me, bitch,” Faewyn shot back.

	“Okay fine, I’ll fight you next! Let’s go, once they’re done!” Alex was raring to go.

	In the meantime, Addie had heard Faewyn, but barely. She was too focused on the rapier aimed at her neck. Then she got a message from Anatolius.

	“The Vampire’s right. Kick up.”

	“What? She’s got a sword at my neck!”

	“Larawyn’s expecting you to give in. But she’s in a perfectly vulnerable position. Let’s kick her ass.”

	Addie hadn’t expected Anatolius to use such vulgar terminology. “Language!” Addie said it aloud as she kicked up. Lara let out a gasp and rolled out of the way. Addie straightened herself into a kneeling position and fired another arrow. Lara swerved her torso, but the arrow grazed her left forearm. She winced, but repositioned herself into her fighting stance. Addie drew another arrow. The two half-elves stood still for a few seconds.

	“I think we’ve reached an impasse,” Lara said.

	“I’d say so too,” Addie replied, with a tightening her grip on the arrow. At that moment, a third voice sounded from the side. It was Milo.

	“I’m confused. Would someone like to address the fact that Addie said ‘language?’ Why would she say that?” Anatolius gave an annoyed glance in Milo’s direction. Faewyn, Anaxir, Alex, and Allie started laughing.

	“Oh, Milo, don’t worry about it,” Allie said. “We’ll catch you up later.” He turned to the two combatants on the field. “Guys, I think we should get someone else in. Alex is getting kinda antsy, and apparently, Faewyn wants to fight her. How about we come back to this later?” Addie looked at Allie, gave him a nod, and looked at Larawyn. She lowered her bow.

	“I’m done, if you are. You’re certainly a worthy opponent,” she said with a smile. But Lara didn’t lower her sword.

	“As are you,” she said. Lara acknowledged the hunter had great skill with her bow. “Allie’s right. I think the others should get some time in. But you and I are gonna come back to this eventually. Trust me, I could do this all day.”
