	The party had gathered in an empty hall, where all of the chairs and tables had been pushed to the side or removed. Allie, the healer, requested that the team take some time to practice their combat skills. Considering the number of near-death experiences while fighting both Val-ku and Ursula, he believed some extra practice would reduce the possibility of any more close calls. Queen Ariel had been kind enough to provide the space for them.

	As a monk, Anaxir was ideal for traditional hand-to-hand training. Being a drunken master, he was an alcoholic. He kept a mug of unending booze with him at all times, and strangely enough, the alcohol he constantly drank from it helped enhance his combat skills. For the training session, the party told him not to wear his elemental bracers and to go light on the ale. Anaxir happily agreed, as he usually didn’t act against the party’s directives. Unlike some drunks, Anaxir was quite benevolent unless the situation called for otherwise.

	Across from him, the rest of the party was watching him intently. Anaxir planted himself, swaying slightly back and forth, as if the ground beneath him wasn’t entirely stable. His gaze was downward and constantly moving, like he was focusing his eyes on a different person’s feet every few seconds. Everyone knew he developed these physical habits in his perpetual state of inebriation. Larawyn turned to Alistair, who was removing parts of his armor.

	“You sure you’re ready for this?” she asked. She gave him a look of genuine concern. The party had just gone through absolute hell. She wasn’t ready to take any unnecessary risks. But Allie seemed confident.

	“Of course,” he said with a grin. “It’s just practice, and if anyone gets hurt, we can just ask Isadore.” Allie continued removing the rest of the full plate, until he was just in his robes. It was a little strange for everyone to see him without his armor, given that he spent most of his time clunking around in it. Adrasteia raised an eyebrow.

	“I really don’t think we should bug Isadore,” she said. “He’s done a lot for us already, and making him clean up our personal messes doesn’t seem very courteous.” Isadore was the Atlantean librarian, and a very capable healer. He had sacrificed much of his energy to keep the party alive while they navigated the catacombs of the basement. While Addie had agreed to a training session, she didn’t want to disturb the monarchy or their administration any further than necessary. She was accustomed to their recklessness and spontaneity. But the idea of potentially destroying rooms in the royal palace wasn’t on Addie’s bucket list. It was true that the room had been provided to them, and perhaps their hosts placed some kind of protective field on it. Addie still had her reservations. She looked at Allie, who was glancing back at her with an expression of nervous defensiveness.

	“Well, I wouldn’t say we’d be bothering him if he was willing to heal us,” he countered. I’m just saying, I can only use my healing spells so many times a day, and so can Milo. We should save them for more pressing circumstances. I think we could go to him if one of us screws up.” Allie made sure to gesture to Alex, who scoffed at the presumption.

	“Pfft, we’ll be fine!” She pressed her back against one of the nearby columns, crossing her arms. “Besides, Anaxir won’t kill anyone, he’s too happy of a drunk, and he knows us.” Having spent many a-night getting drunk with him, Alex knew that Anaxir wouldn’t hurt a fly. That is, unless that fly was a vicious mimic or a warmongering military general. She figured that, at the very least, he could restrain his fists better than he could restrain his alcoholism.

	Allie took a stance, trying to boost his internal confidence by looking intimidating. This was generally easy for him. Being 6’2, he was easily the tallest of the party. The only one who surpassed him was his stone golem companion, Milo. Despite Allie’s height and generally well-rounded standard physique, the whole party, including drunk-off-his-ass Anaxir, knew that he was just a squishy and awkward cleric. The combined image of an unarmored Allie and his attempt at imitating a tough warlord was somewhat amusing. Faewyn shook her head.

	“I’m sure this is gonna end well,” she murmured with a moderate dose of sarcasm. As far as she knew, Anaxir was the only other member of the party besides herself who was trained to kill with his bare hands. Having previously fought alongside him, Zion, Patrick, and Kida, she generally knew what monks were capable of. Still, Faewyn hadn’t been with the party for much of their journey through the storybook. Even after they filled her in on what happened, she still had some questions. To what extent had their combat skills improved? Had they improved at all? Was she still strong enough to keep up with them? Her mind boarded this train of thought until Allie spoke again.

	“Hey, look guys, I’m sure that whatever happens, Anaxir won’t kill me.” Allie turned his attention to the drunken master. “Riiight, Anaxir?” There was a tinge of nervousness to his words.

	Unsurprisingly, Anaxir was as nonchalant and aloof as usual. “Oh, sure, yeah, you’ll be fiiiine….” D-don’t worry, I’ll… I’ll… I’ll go easy on you...” The slur in his words mean that he probably downed a lot before the training session. The way he paced his voice might’ve been read as sarcasm to outsiders, but it was well-known among them as just “usual Anaxir.”

	“Uh… okay. I guess that settles it, then,” Allie said. He was trying to read the rest of the party, lowkey hoping that someone else would volunteer to train in his place. Lara was watching him, ready to act in case of an emergency. Faewyn winked at Addie, who subsequently blushed and awkwardly shuffled her feet. Alex still had her back to the column, and she gave Allie a nod. Milo just waved with one hand, cradling Percy, the corgi, gently in the other. The cleric looked back at Anaxir. The monk was now looking straight ahead, lazily poised in a combat-ready stance. With the rest of the party waiting or distracted, Allie had no choice but to stop playing chicken and fight.

	Allie slowly approached the monk, eyes locked. When he got closer, he froze. The rest of the party said nothing. Anaxir seemed to be staring into the space past Allie’s left shoulder.

	“Uh, what do I do?” he whispered to the drunken master.

	“Catch it,” Anaxir said, in a surprisingly clear tone.

	“What?” Allie was confused. Before he could react, he found himself thrown backwards onto the floor with a loud thud. Anaxir had punched him square in the chest, and the sheer force had knocked him off his feet. The monk was now about ten feet away, still in his drunken stance.
	
	“I told you, man, catch it,” he slurred.

	“Don’t surprise me like that, you asshole!” Allie shouted. He jumped to his feet, and rushed in. He lunged into the air to tackle Anaxir to the ground, but the monk simply moved underneath him. Doing a backflip, he kicked with both feet at Allie’s chest, sending the cleric on his back. Jumping back up, Anaxir looked backwards. Allie was rising to his feet again, getting more frustrated by the minute. Allie moved in, this time keeping his feet planted on the ground, and threw a slew of punches at the monk’s face. Anaxir swung his head to the side each time, steadily moving backwards to keep the distance.

	But Allie kept going on the offense. He began throwing random punches, and the monk began blocking, but he kept his pace. The cleric’s frustration had transformed into determination. Allie didn’t really know what he was doing, but he figured that keeping the pressure on would give him time to devise a proper strategy. Unfortunately, he got too lost in his own thoughts before throwing another punch, and Anaxir grabbed Allie’s fist. The momentum stopped almost immediately, and Anaxir hit Allie again, sending him back about ten feet. Allie rose again, putting himself in a defensive stance.

	“Look, I may be new to this, but you need to stop making me look bad on purpose.”

	“Hey, even to a drunk person like me, you’re really damn predictable.” Anaxir grinned, and positioned his feet into a running stance. “My turn,” he said.

	Anaxir rushed forward, and began throwing a flurry of fast, but non-lethal punches and kicks. Allie managed to block some of them, but more hit him in the chest, abdomen, thighs, face, shoulder, and legs. Despite not being a tank, Allie was still taller than Anaxir, and he forced himself to ignore the pain. Still, this wasn’t a sustainable plan of action.

	The rest of the party watched with great interest. Alex started chuckling to herself, while Addie and Lara had their hands on their weapons just in case. Faewyn smirked, and Percy barked enthusiastically, as if to say “Go, Allie, you can do it!” Milo just kind of stood there, on the lookout to ensure that no one was severely injured. But the fight wasn’t going as badly as they expected. Punch after punch, kick after kick, knee after knee, Allie was beginning to catch up. His blocks were getting faster and more successful. Still, Anaxir was faster, and Allie knew the monk was still restraining himself.

	Lara grew impatient. “You can’t beat him hand to hand! This isn’t just physical training, use your goddamn spells!” Allie heard her words clearly. He put all the strength he had left into moving forward, bull-rushing Anaxir over. The monk fell on his back, and Allie ran past him to get a safe distance. The move was unexpected, and it threw Anaxir off a little. Anaxir jumped to his feet, turned, and ran in for another round of attacks. But Allie had gotten just enough distance. Anaxir’s fist was inches from Allie’s head when the spell took effect. Anaxir was thrown backwards by a magical force. He landed about fifteen feet away.

	“Well, that is what I call a showstopper,” Anaxir drunkenly remarked.

	“Now you know what happens when you try to attack someone with Sanctuary,” Allie boasted.

	“Well, you’re a goddamn idiot, because the fight is over now,” said Lara, clearly annoyed. “Anaxir, Allie, you both take a break. So, who’s up next?”

	Addie stepped forward. “I’ll go. Who’s my opponent?”

	“That would be me,” said Lara, drawing one of her many rapiers from its scabbard. “Grab your sword, kid. Acrolla and I may not play nice.”
